hateful liberals once again undermine their so-called ideology by promoting the hatred of over half the us population .  they claim to be tolerant and open-minded toward all lifestyles , religions ,  races etc .  .  .  but that open-mindedness obviously shouldn't apply to people who disagree with them .  throughout the  " book ,  "  moore also demonstrates his racism towards caucasians and thin people .  if you like this book ,  i also recommend mein kampf by adolf hitler .  both  " books "  are jam-packed full of hate .
this year ,  60% of college entries will be female .   look at this spring's honor role listings .   last year ,  78% of honor role members in my community were female .   schools are fails boys - not girls .if you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap ,  then get this book .   if you want to really improve the quality of education ,  there are thousands of reads better than this
krakauer is highly confused and i can tell that so are some of these reviewers .  he cannot give insight into or shed light on something he knows little truth about himself .  the church he is talking about is completley separate from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints .  jon krakauer is nothing more than an sadly misinformed and idiotic person trying to enlighten his readers with things he has misinterpreted .  books like these are written on every religion with hopes of discouraging the believers and proving to those that don't believe -that their assumptions were correct
i agree with a previous reviewer who found fault with the way the story was told .   there is no excitement in describing the stages .   they are just wrapped up all of a sudden .to me ,  it did not seem like the author did many interviews of his own .   it seems like he just watched the tour de france and retold what he saw on the broadcast .   his supposed  " back-stories "  which should be really interesting ,  all seem like a recap of the mini segments during the tour broadcast that let you know more about the participants .there is just nothing that reaches out and grabs you ,  and makes you want to keep reading .   i finally quit it after the poor description of the day in the pyrenees .   that is one of the most exciting stages of the race ,  and the narrative was so wooden
this book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science :  write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but is actually devoid of any meaningful content ,  and then finish up by concluding that evolution is impossible .  what a bunch of baloney .first of all ,  evolution ,  in the sense of  " common descent ,  "  is not impossible .  even id-iot superstars michael behe ,  stephen meyer ,  and jonathan wells have admitted as much .   ( see a summary of their recent testimony in the kansas biology curriculum hearings in the evolution/creationism forum at the west virginia gazette .   ( wvgazettemail )   ( put  " /forums "  after com )  so any id-iot who thinks all that bafflegab about irreducible complexity  ( ic )  and the nonsense in this film is the death knell of evolution is simply ignorant .   man evolved from non-human ancestors .  get over it .thaxton in particular ought to read that summary ,  since he himself was one of the witnesses and looked particularly id-iotic .in any case ,  the empirical data discussed in this book is indeed nothing but bafflegab .  talking about the allegedly empirical foundation for intelligent design makes it sound deliciously scientific ,  especially to poorly educated id-iots ,  who generally are clueless about real science ;  but even if the empirical data is accurate ,  it's nothing but a facade ,  because it has nothing to do with the book's main conclusion .for example ,  imagine your neighbor told you that his dog could play beethoven concertos on the piano .  skeptical ,  you ask for proof .   " simple ,  "  your neighbor replies .   " see ,  here's my dog ,  and there's my piano .  "  only a moron would accept that as  " proof ,  "  and yet id-iot christians are more than happy to accept exactly that kind of  " proof "  from id-iotic films like this .the problem with your neighbor's  " proof "  is that it proves only the existence of the dog and the existence of the piano .   neither of those issues ,  however ,  was the real cause of your skepticism ,  so the  " proof "  was entirely meaningless .  the critical issue ,  of course ,  was not the mere existence of the dog and the piano ,  but rather the ability of the dog to play the piano ,  and your neighbor's  " proof "  was completely silent on that issue .  again ,  only a moron would accept evidence of mere existence as proof of piano-playing ability .in this book ,  there's a lot of talk about how complex certain biological systems are .   that is nothing but meaningless bafflegab ,  because the mere existence of complex systems is not a disputed issue .  the disputed issue is how those systems came into being ,  and on that issue the book's  " evidence "  is completely silent .this book was designed to fool poorly educated ,  easily impressed id-iots .   judging from the five-star reviews ,  it seems to have succeeded .   well ,  there's a sucker born every minute ,  and apparently a lot of them are found in evangelical churches and seminaries .   in one of the very first evolution debates ,  thomas huxley accused bishop wilberforce of using his intellectual and oratorical gifts to mislead and bamboozle people .   things haven't changed much since then .instead of meaningful evidence ,  this book substitutes a god-of-the-gaps argument .   " gee ,  look how complex it is .  it must have been created by an intelligent designer .  maybe ,  just maybe ,  it was god .  wink ,  wink .  "god-of-the-gaps arguments are dumb .  only ignorant suckers are taken in by them .  so if any of those folks who wrote five-star reviews for this book would like to buy a nice bridge in brooklyn or a dog who can play beethoven concertos on the piano ,  please give me a call .   i'll be happy to provide evidence !
i got this book thinking it might give me some insight into how coach k motivates his teams ,  organizes his practice sessions ,  and instills leadership qualities in his athletes .   what i got was a less than thrilling re-hash of some of his best quotes as seen through the eyes of a local news reporter .   you'd have to be a true blue devil fan to like this book .   i didn't ,  so i gave it to one of my co-workers who graduated from duke .   he likes it
i approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions .  i did my best to like it ,  to find some secret meaning ,  some redeeming quality within ,  to no avail .  actually finishing the book was an accomplishment ,  in my opinion .  ultimately i found the book aimless ,  soulless ,  and the promoter of everything negative about the human species .  i know this sounds harsh ,  but time after time i felt let down by on the road .no ,  i don't  " dig "  it ,  dean
if i had been an editor and received  " deadly slipper "  ,i would have said the following :" dear ms .  wan ,your book is unacceptable for the following reasons :1 )  the setting .   one hazard of writing about the placewhere you spend your summers is that you end upwriting through the eyes of a visitor rather than anative .   dordogne sounds delightful , and i'd certainlylike to visit it based on your descriptions ofdelightful pigeon coops and sheep scattered across thelandscape ,  but it is disturbing that you havecicadas singing in may .   it suggests you are onlyfamiliar with the setting during the vacation monthswhen you habitually visit .  to really describe a place ,i think you need to know it better .2 )  the characters .   because you spend your summers indordogne ,  you appear to know only other wealthyforeigners .   all your main characters are expatriateswith irritatingly bourgeois occupations .   i don't knowif you realize that all the native-born frenchcharacters you portray are ugly ,  boorish ,  sexuallydepraved ,  mentally defective ,  criminal ,  or terminallyquaint ,  and they all appear to make cheese .   surelythis isn't a realistic portrayal of the french .3 )  the orchids .   actually ,  the orchids are fine ,  butthe idea that orchid fanciers are maniacal andpossibly homicidal is a questionable one ;  most orchidfanciers are fairly tedious .   also ,  the idea that a ladyslipper mutant would spontaneously occur and allow theorchid to live outside its native habitat is idiotic .anyone would tell you that a hybrid is a better bet .4 )  the dogs .   one cute dog is sufficient ;  two are toomuch .   puppies are inexcusable .5 )  the romance .   most mystery writer are aware of thehazard of including a romance in a mystery ,  but youwalked in innocently ,  unaware that your two charactersare unpleasant ,  self-involved and have no chemistry( and that's not even mentioning their unspeakabledogs )  .   you set a big obstacle in their path by havingone think the other is a deranged serial killer ;  agreat writer might be able to pull this off ,  but youcan't .6 )  trendoid aspects .   epistolary novels are *so* 18thcentury .   but having a ny psychiatrist profile theserial killer by email is so last week .   you will besorry you did this ,  sooner rather than later .7 )  the ending .   ridiculous and melodramatic .   georges simenon wrote about crime with great psychological acuity .   you should read one of his books .
i am a teacher at an inner-city school that struggles with the same issues presented by kozol .   that said ,  this is the fourth of kozol's works that i have read ,  and i came away just as disappointed with  " the shame of the nation "  as i did with the rest of them .   i am so incredibly sick of him shouting from the mountaintops that there is a problem with public education .   he acts like we don't already know .   he acts like there is some unseen solution out there that should be obvious to everybody .   instead of pointing fingers and and complaining about it ,  why doesn't he use his experience and know-it-all knowledge to offer real ,  concrete and practical solutions ?   kozol is a classic monday-morning quarterback pointing out the flaws in what everybody else is doing - but he doesn't get his hands dirty anymore .   if he is really as educationally omnipresent as he thinks he is ,  the least he could do is offer some solutions .   i've made four mistakes .   i will not make a fifth .   i have 150 underpriveleged kids to teach ,  and i can't afford to waste my time on another volume of complaints while he points out the obvious
the story was slow ,  predictable and boring .  i am still amazed i hung in there and finished reading it .   it's a dud in my opinion
don't make the mistake of judging the entire hard case crime series by this lackluster entry .i can imagine the publishers being overjoyed when stephen king agreed to write a novel for them and then cringing when they received this manuscript .   the writing is fine ,  as you'd expect from king ,  but there's nothing remotely hard-boiled or sexy in this novel .    ( don't let the cover fool you !  )   it's simply the meandering story of an apparent murder that happened years before .   there are a couple of interesting hooks ,  but they certainly don't lead anywhere .   this one's for stephen king completists only .
this book was written in 2000 from events occuring in 1998 !  !  !   totally out of date !  useless !  !  wondering why it is still for sale .   the author ,  contacted by email responded but did not address the questions asked ,  simply giving excuses and mentioning that he wrote another book much better than this one .  .  .   outrageaous !   spread the word and if you own the book ,  get your money back
we have to do better than this for our children .  controlling and turning your kid into the perfect little ,  well behaved lemming is going to haunt you until you die .  this type of abuse never has a good ,  long term effect on anyone .  put the paddles and belts down and talk to your kids .  they deserve at least that much .
this is a very famous and a very influential book .  this was not the first time i checked the book out of the library but i now know much more about antidepressants and the related issues than i did when i first became familiar with kramer's book .  what i found on my quick survey of the book this time amazed me .  this is not a book supported by research .  it is a book of stories .  the stories ,  one after the other ,  are about kramer's patients  ( kramer is a psychiatrist )  and how taking prozac dramatically transformed lives overnight .  consider these four examples .1 .  sam :   " sam not only recovered from his depression ,  he declared himself better than well .  he felt unencumbered ,  more vitally alive ,  less pessimistic .  now he could complete projects in one draft ,  whereas before he sketched and sketched again .  his memory was more reliable ,  his concentration keener .  his memory was more reliable ,  his concentration keener .  every aspect of his work went more smoothly .  he appeared more poised ,  more thoughtful ,  less distracted .  he was able to speak at professional gatherings without notes .  ( page x .  )2 .  sally :  after four months on prozac ,  she looked brighter ,  calmer ,  self-assured ,  in control of herself .  the most important effect of the medication ,  sally felt was that it cleared her head .  .  . after ten months .  .  . she negotiated a small promotion and pay raise at a time when the bank was cutting back staff .  .  . more remarkable was the change to her private life .  she started going to dances .  .  .  ( page 147 .  )3 .  william m :  the patient's low self-esteem ,  which had been present since his earliest childhood ,  began to disappear .  .  . on medication william m .  experienced a sense of self-worth superior to any he had felt before .   ( page 203 .  )4 .  ms .  b :  for the first time in her memory she felt perfectly relaxed and happy sitting at home reading books or listening to music and felt less of the free-floating anxiety that was previously quelled by going out .  .  . off prozac ,  ms .  b .  bar-hopped in search of men .  prozac moderated her sense of aloneness and allowed her to enjoy a variety of social settings .dozens of other examples could be cited .  the point is ,  this is essentially the book .  it is a book which convinces the reader of the almost magic power of prozac by sharing stories like these .  what is disturbing is that i now know the truth .  research investigations have found that the power of antidepressants has increased dramatically .  they are now more effective because our belief in the power of a pill to cure social shyness ,  anxiety ,  depression ,  and a bad temper has increased dramatically .  we have come to believe ,  as kramer puts it ,   " biology is destiny "   ( page xiv )  .  no where does kramer explain that the longest of the clinical trial used to get approval of prozac to market was only 8 weeks long .  no where does he share that a tranquilizer was given to study subjects and the other tricks used to make the effectiveness of the drug appear greater than it really is .  the dangers of long-term use  ( diabetes ,  parkinson's disease ,  permanent muscle jerking ,  etc .  )  are never discussed .   ( of course ,  these problems were still unknown when kramer wrote .  )  see timothy scott's wonderful ,  and unlike kramer's book ,  carefully documented book america fooled :  the truth about antidepressants ,  antipsychotics ,  and how we've been fooled to find the dangers as well as what does bring good mental health .  yes ,  this book has been influential .  thus ,  kramer bears some of the responsibilty for the myth surrounding antidepressants .   ( they do not work as well as exercise even--numerous studies .  )  it's funny how ,  as our knowledge grows ,  a great book beomes a harmful book ,  but it is just that .
the notion of  " interpretive communities "  is at best derivative of kuhn's classical work ,  the structure of scientific revolutions ,  and at worst a framework of obstruction employed against those who wish to revivify literary theory and criticism in the wake of postmodern hegemony
in faith in nation ,  anthony marx delivers a spirited rebuttal of the  " literary trope "   ( p 15 )  about a liberal ,  inclusive western nationalism .  instead ,  he argues that even the  " truest "  brand of western nationalism-that of england and france-came to being only after brutal fratricide of massive scale .  his entire theory is based on a central position that nationalism developed much earlier than is popularly believed today .  this leads one to question why does he insist on such a position ?  has he made the case for it ?  what happens to his theory if the position turns out to be wrong ?i will argue that the definition of the state ,  or the lack thereof ,  is key to answering all of the above questions .  only by implicitly loosening the definition of the state ,  can marx trace the genesis of western nationalism back to as early as the 16th century ,  thus cementing the linkage between western nationalism and religious violence .  however ,  the liberal adaptation of the concept of the state puts marx's entire theory on shaky ground .according to marx ,  the state is the raison d'tat of nationalism :  for nationalism to become a historical force ,  it  " must  .  .  .  refer to a state as an existing structure or potential object of engagement "   ( p 8 )  .  although he declares early and clearly what nationalism is  ( p 4 )  ,  he never spells out his definition of a state .  in fact ,  what we would think of as a modern state today can hardly be found in 16th century europe .only when the definition of a state is sufficiently loosened ,  can marx backdate nationalism to the 16th century ,  when most of the political authorities at the time existed in the form of royal courts .  only after he pushes back the genesis of nationalism ,  can marx connect the religious violence of the 16th century to nationalism .  only when the religious violence is viewed as part of the history of nation building ,  does it acquire significance in the nature of western nationalism .  otherwise ,  the st .  barthelme day massacre or the burnings at smithfield is just another  " normal "  religious upheavals in history ,  thus any association the massacre or the burnings may have with nation building would be purely coincidental-as liah greenfeld implied when marx quoted her in saying ,   " frenchness was disassociating itself from catholicism .  "  to anthony marx ,  however ,  french nationalism and its french catholic identity are not external to each other .  they are just different stages in the same dialectic process .  therefore ,  real  " frenchness "  is actually the public oblivion in france of the strange relationship between the church and the state1 .yet all the grand reasoning depends on marx's definition of the state .  after all ,  can we call the royal courts of the 16th century  " states "  ?  not only has marx not given his readers a clear answer ,  some of his own writings seem to contradict each other .  for example ,  marx mentions that the treaty of westphalia marks the beginning of the modern states  ( p 35 )  .  but the french war of religions and the reign of mary tudor-the very conflicts that are supposedly at the core of nation-state building-occurred almost a century earlier .  even if we use the later date ,  1648 ,  as the beginning of the state system ,  one still has to be cautious to label all subsequent political authorities  " states "  .  regardless whether louis xiv actually said  " i am the state "  ,  the fact that monarchical authority is directly associated with an individual ruler makes it transient in nature  ( relative to institutionalized modern government )  ,  therefore it can hardly be designated the  " object of engagement "  for nationalist ideology .since marx's concept of the state is on shaky ground ,  his entire theory appears highly questionable .  i would argue ,  however ,  there are two options that can salvage his arguments .  one is to weaken the link between nationalism and the state .  in other words ,  nationalism may develop independent of the state .  this observation may have a wider application outside of the context of western history than inside of it .  the other option is to introduce a third element ,  such as political culture ,  that can bridge the violent past and state and nation building in later times .  for example ,  one accepts that the massive fratricide did happen earlier than the emergence of the nation-state .  nevertheless ,  the bloodshed molded a new political culture ,  which manifested itself as a more inclusive nationalism when the nation-state took shape later .  if such an interpretation proves to be a more sensible reading of history than that of marx ,  then marx's criticism of western nationalism can be easily appropriated to deconstruct the western political culture-the liberal democracy-itself :  that it has a ugly past but short memory .  however ,  is the world ready for such a  " total recall "  ?
the plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many .   why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case ,  when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is ?  we know where the precious document is  :  another useless quest .  people are murdered by the half dozen ,  the characters are outrageous ,  most of the time improbable ,  and i felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid ,  not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it .i have read much better books than that .  sorry .  .
i have to agree with stephen haines .  this guy drags in everything but the kitchen sink .  he makes boehme a gnostic ,  the troubadors ,  the knights templar ,  william blake ,  the masons ,  jung ,  and finally ,  any physicist worth his salt .i mean ,  some of these folks might not have been orthodox in their christian practice ,  but being heterodox does not make one a gnostic .how did he forget meister eckhart ,  and sabbatai tzvi ?  if he has boehme as a gnostic ,  then these also are gnostic .he never distinguishes between gnosticism as a group of sects ,  and gnostic practice ,  which pervades kabbalah ,  sufism , etc .this is just not a good book
just awfulsave your money ,  this book is not worth it .  the pictures are dull and lifeless ,  boring composition .  mann hasn't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos .  any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better .
buy a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do instead .   snortland's book is more of a feminist's political treastise on how males and females are raised and nurtured versus a pragmatic approach on skills to identify potential threats and strategies to deal with them .   she does hype impact training which sounds like a beneficial program .  i bought it for my daughter ,  but read it first .  actually ,  i tried to read it ;  halfway through the book i  decided to toss it .
we live in a man's world .  women are raped ,  abused ,  beaten and generally regarded as objects for male gratification .  this is an epidemic problem ,  and christian men are just as great of offenders as the general population .so here comes another book on male sexuality ,  for christian men .  the idea is good :  rein in the beast .  but the major defect ,  which sinks the book ,  is the self-centered nature of the remedy .christian men are given a toolkit to not look at booty .  what we are not given is a concrete understanding of compassion .  it's all self-centered .  who cares if the world is just as dangerous for our wives ,  daughters ,  and loved ones ?  at least i'm  " sexually pure .  "surely sexual purity includes overthrowing the sexual aggression in society at large ?  this is a life and death situation .  we will be successful according to the goals we set .  it is not enough for men to stop lusting .  we need to fundamentally change the sexual ethics of our society - ethics that aren't greatly concerned with women's well-being .if you're only concerned with your own thoughts ,  this book could be useful .  but what about the sense of security for the women in our society ,  who have to live with sexual aggression ,  cat-calls and  " hey-baby " s ?  this book sets shamefully low standards for the church's role in reshaping society ,  even as it sets admirably high standards for individual men's thought-lives
like everyone of you ,  i am crazy about my toddler .   i got this book and the book of wendy s .  masi' toddlers play .   the comarison :  day and night .  kuffners book might have 365 activities ,  but it really bad organized .   i am a first time parent ,  so i need some help/guidance ;  thsi is why i baught this bbok .there is nothing to guide me on which activity is for what age group ,  so i don't know if an activity is for 18 months or 24 or 12 months- ie ami challenging my toddler ,  am i boring him or ami providing him with the right fun activity for his age ?  ?  ?  some of the activities are too obvious- it seems like the author wrote down anything she could think of just to fill in 365 activities in the bookl and there is you see the author's luck of creativity and/or knowledge of the subject .   also the descriptiosn are very brief with limited illustrations .i really don't understand why anyone will give 5 stars to this book .   i don't care about the money i spent for the book .   i care that i ended up with something that i can not really use to provide my toddler with fun .   for that reason i strongly recommend the othe rbook  ( wendy s .  masi's book )  .   yes it has 100 instea dof 365 activities ,  but it is colorfull ,  easy and pleasant to read and each activity is marked by an ege indicator .   look at the 'look inside' of both these books and you will see what i mean .good luck + have lost of fun with your toddler ( s )  !  !
sometime ago i read my sunday paper and noted that  " three junes "  was listed as a popular book choice .   the title sounded interesting so i bought it .   that was 2 months ago and i am still trying to get through the paperback edition .   it is difficult to follow the timeline ,  to understand the characters and where they fit ,  and to get involved in the storyline .   i will finish the book because that's my style .   it has not been a book that i could not wait to get back to .
someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of daniel silva books and got them removed !  hmm ,  i wonder who that could be .i am rather annoyed at this because i spent quite a lot of time detailing why i didn't like one of the books ,  reasonably ,  i thought .  apparently ,  someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines .  i used no profanities .  ok ,  there were some spoilers ,  but not more than i usually read in other reviews .  not single worded ,  no phone numbers ,  no solicitations ,  etc .  maybe whoever it was just didn't like my negative review .  well ,  the last time i checked ,  the 1st amendment still applies in this country .ok ,  so let me try to post another review of why i didn't like this book without violating any review guidelines ,  and i'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time .i thought the book was very poorly written and very boring .  i struggled through 1/3 of the book but the author could not capture my attention and i decided not to continue to the end .  i've read a couple of other daniel silva books ,  but neither one of them could change my mind that he is an author that i don't like .  i will not be buying any more of his books
this was my first reading of jamaica kincaid .  she has a short ,  concise style ,  which made me often feel like i was reading poetry .  however ,  i felt that it also had some downsides ,  like stifling character growth .  in lucy ,  the title character comes to america to be an nanny for a rich couple with four young daughters .  lucy watches as their marriage crumbles and tries to avoid turning into her own mother ,  who for some reason she hates .  i wish we knew a bit more about lucy ,  like why she hated her homeland so much .  it was  an alright quick read ,  but had it been longer ,  i doubted it would have held my attention
in a review remarkable for saying nothing about the book ,  popop from boston  ( april 9 below )  alludes to some children blown up by an ira bomb in a north of england shopping center .  popop is very broad-minded .  it pains him that anyone would bad-mouth such  " armed operations "  .  they were perfectly justified ,  he explains ,  because of thousands of innocent irish catholics murdered at the hands of the british army .i know why thousands of murders are important to popop .  without them ,  while he might justify random bombings in his own mind ,  he could hardly do so in decent company .  but i live in ireland ,  not america ,  where news of these murdered thousands has not reached us .  gerry adams never said a word about them ,  not wishing to be laughed out of the country .  he had to make the most all these years of a dozen fellows caught in a crossfire in derry in 1973 .  i guess he saved the big one for the broad-minded boyos in boston .  what of all those dollars that popop broad-mindedly dropped in the semtex collection box ?  they were not wasted .  thousands of irish really were murdered - mostly not catholics but all of them really dead - at the hands of the disorganization that mr adams always denied being a member of .  to be sure ,  his non-henchmen failed to terrorize the northern irish into caving in ,  but his enforcer ,  who can barely write his own name ,  did get to be minister of education  ( i'm not making this up ;  i couldn't )  .oh ,  and the book is quite thought-provoking .  there's a lot about bushes ,  arabs and the wrong kind of tax-cuts that went over my head .  there's wit of a subtlety rarely seen since voltaire - you can tell by the capitals and  !  !  !  !  .  there are explanations of 9/11 to suit every taste ,  whichever bush you blame .  myself ,  i suspect those enrons .  but mr moore did discover :" there  .  .  .  is  .  .  .  no  .  .  .  terrorist  .  .  .  threat !  "he paid us a flying visit ,  dined with some ira capos who were laughing up their sleeves ,  and found the solution to the irish question without breaking sweat :  everybody should be nice to each other
sure ,  i had fun reading this book .   but the amazon reviewer who termed it  " highly speculative "  is understating the case .   opinion ,  conjecture ,  hearsay ,  and speculation too often take the place of thorough ,  solid documentation .   and unlike many other amazon reviewers ,  i found mclellan's tone off-putting .   she alternates between patronizing her subjects  ( the very notion of calling them  " my girls ,  "  for instance )  and setting them up primarily as sources of voyeuristic thrills for the herself and the reader .   is the book dishy and intriguing and flamboyant ?   you bet .   but is the topic of lesbianism in hollywood well-served here ?   i don't think so
bill is very boring typically talks about business tips you already know .   the show was much better ,  you should buy that .   kwame is much smater and deserved the job .   i can tell that this book is another promotional tool .   don't waste even a cent on this book
i started reading this book expecting to like it - it's historical ,  related to little women ,  won the pulitzer ,  doesn't feel like fluff ,  etc .  however i had a really difficult time getting into the book .for one ,  the language sounded much more pretentious than historically accurate .  i've read other works from the time period she's supposed to be writing in ,  and rather than feeling in keeping with that era ,  this book felt indicitive of someone who makes full use of her thesaurus .also ,  i haven't read her other book so i didn't enter this novel with a trust for the author .  consequentally ,  i found that as she mentioned connections to little women ,  i became defensive .  she had not proven to me that she had the right to use this work .  in some of her character choices ,  such as one of the first encounters between march and marmee  ( i'm not going to go into details so as not to spoil the scene )  ,  i believe that she made a radical departure from anything that alcott would have written of her characters ,  and that brooks really did not stay true to the original .the first half of the book is also really dry .  this could just be my personal taste ,  but the first half moved so slowly !  the book started to pick up about half way through .  overall ,  the story being told and the civil war aspects weren't bad ,  and could be a decent story in their own right if she'd just speed things along at the beginning .however ,  i think brooks did the book a major disservice by linking it to little women .  i bristled every time she mentioned an individual from the book ,  because she was really changing their characters  ( other than aunt march )  .  the choices that brooks' characters made were not in keeping with choices they may have made in alcott's book .in the afterward ,  brooks discussed her research and how she actually based the march family and particularly mr .  march more on the alcott family itself than on the characters from little women ,  even commenting how the march family in alcott's book isn't very interesting ,  and how  " nobody in real life is such a goody-goody as that marmee .  "  if she felt that way ,  then why use them as the basis for her book ?  seen in that context ,  her earlier *huge* liberties with marmee's character seem to just be a way to  " stick it "  to alcott :   " ha ha ,  look how much more realistic marmee is now !
i have never actually thrown a book across the room in frustration - and i love books ,  so this is drastic !   spoilers ahead - please don't read on if you haven't read the book .   i managed to  ( somehow )  get through the first book ,  'wideacre' ,  which i disliked - whilst i adore the rest of gregory's novels ,  so this was hard for me - and grit my teeth and tried to read this book ,  the sequel as i'd bought it and it looked more promising .   it was 'marginally better' as one reader put it ,  than the first ,  but a very depressing and frustrating book indeed .i was getting very angry and frustrated after the second half of the book - as many other readers have highlighted ,  julia's consistent inability to stand up to richard made it impossible for me to like her anymore .   i quite honestly wanted to slap her to wake her up from that dreamy state she was in !   because i wanted so much for julia to be with james - who i liked a great deal .   i was so depressed after everything went wrong and she didn't marry him .  .  .  ah ,  because i was expecting the usually very clever ms gregory to surprise me and have a twist at the end and say ,  aha !   she does get her true love in the end and she and ralph get rid of richard and although it's not happily ever after she learns to grow a backbone and be the very first female heir to wideacre .the rape scene with julia and richard was very violent and far too detailed and i think it may be difficult to stomach for anyone who has ever been in an abusive situation like that ,  in fact ,  for anyone at all .   i don't want to get into the tricky area of abortion too much ,  but i really did feel strongly that julia should have gone to ralph for help when she concieved the child with richard .   this was a child of incest and rape - and she knew in her heart there should be no heir for wideacre - they were all simply too inbred and it needed to end somewhere for nothing was going right .   clean slate ,  so to speak .   yet she gives the child away - then in her final letter asks james to find the child ?  !   what ?  !   and i was expecting perhaps a deformed child ,  after all this inbreeding  ( i mean this child is the product of parents who are brother and sister and grandparents who are brother and sister !  !  !  )  but she was perfect and beautiful .   i was hoping the gypsies would keep her and she'd never be found again .  .  but alas ,  the lacey madness will live on .  .  .the perfect end to this book would have been a nice twist .   gregory could have made her very good point about inheritance rights and the lack of power women of beatrice and julia's era had by richard being killed by ralph ,  then julia inheriting the land - baby sarah is adopted out to the gypsies and never seen again and julia either lives as a widow and runs the land or  ( this would have been lovely - i bet all the girls have sighed over james a little ,  didn't you ?   he was a little like the handsome romantic leads in austen's books )  james forgave her - for they had both made mistakes and julia's was not intentional nor her fault  ( i was practically screaming at her that it wasn't her fault - and she gets it in the end ,  when it's too late !  )  and they marry and have 'normal' children - or perhaps none ,  they just learn from their mistakes and respect each other ,  and make a fresh start for wideacre .there were so many allies that julia had - she was a sweet girl and i liked her - i wish that i could have shaken her though ,  i got so mad .   so many people in the village offered their help - this trap she was caught in with richard could have been avoided - ahhh .  .  .  so frustrating .   i will not be reading the third book in the series .   i shall go back to reading gregory's more historic novels  ( a constant princess is one i haven't read yet and it sounds excellent )  .   i wouldn't recommend this one
the principle question that arises from a reading of &quot ; soul by soul&quot ;  by walter johnson is why was this book written ?  it is touted as history ,  yet not only does it lack any original historical material ,  it  also lacks any discernable historical facts .  rather than history ,   &quot ; soul by soul&quot ;  seems to be a mean-spirited ,  emotional tract  designed to promote two fundamental ideas :  1 .  that white people living in  the antebellum south were universally loathsome ,  brutish and cruel and 2 .   that black people living in the antebellum south were universally noble ,   good and abused .  to support his views ,  professor johnson strings together a  loose collection of repetitious snippets from antebellum abolitionist  literature and excerpts from gossipy litigation proceedings .  his personal  contribution is represented by his miraculous ability to enter the psyche  of the book's long deceased characters and divine their true ,  but unspoken ,   motives and thoughts .  quite a feat for any historian !       one loses count  of the number of times that the reader is treated to white people using  their &quot ; probing fingers&quot ;  in this book .  fortunately ,  in between  probes ,  the reader can be shocked by the &quot ; killing fields of the lower  south , &quot ;  the &quot ; historical sexualization of black bodies , &quot ;  the  &quot ; slaveholders' inevitable failure to live through the stolen bodies of  their slaves , &quot ;  and the &quot ; brutish perogatives of whiteness . &quot ;   this is heavy ,  hate-filled stuff worthy of a tv mini-series but it is out  of place in a supposedly serious history text .        i live in a former  slave quarter in new orleans .  in the antebellum period ,  this building and  its resident slaves were ,  interestingly enough ,  owned by a free black who  was financially ruined in 1863 by the emancipation proclamation .  as an  amateur historian ,  i would have thought that a book about the new orleans  slave market would contain some pertinent historical facts about these  markets .  what were their addresses ?  what percentage of their customers were  black ?  what percentage were white ?  how many slaves did the typical new  orleans household have ?  how were they fed and clothed ?  what were their  working hours ?  these are basic questions that should have been addressed  but instead ,  the reader is given an emotionally charged ,  repetitious ,   boring rehash of tired ,  previously published material .  in short ,  this book ,   for the most part ,  reads like a rambling ,  overly long sermon .  anyone  seeking serious scholarship on the subject of slavery would do well to look  elsewhere and should consider reading the &quot ; slave narratives&quot ;   compiled by the federal writers project ,  &quot ; time on the cross&quot ;  by  robert fogel and stanley engerman and &quot ; the slave trade&quot ;  by hugh  thomas .  the first of these is a collection of interviews of former slaves  performed by the w . p . a .  in the 1930's .  the latter two works contain  original historical research and both deal with the facts of slavery ,  not  the emotions
this book is not my favourite in the heartland series .  it is not even really about heartland ,  the main part of the book is based in occanumba .also ,  there are hardly any horses in this book ,  just maverick  ( who is only a minor part )  and a tiny bit of spindleberry and albatross .  it is mainly about carey and her mood swings .it is also a bit unrealistic ,  as amy comes out eith long ,  involved ,  emotional speeches that no teenager i know would blab on about !  the way she talks is more like a middle aged psychatrist !i also think that the most recent books have been targeted at a younger audience .  at the start of the series i would class them as 'young adult' material ,  but now they are just for kids who like horses .  she is supposed to be going out with ty but they never seem to kiss much or do anything romantic .  in this book he goes to occanumba with amy and they don't even get off together once !  even though they are in the forest all alone at one point ,  with no adults around .all in all this book is ok ,  but rather boring .  nothing much happens ,  i thought amy might at least have an arguement with joni when she takes over with spindleberry ,  but no ,  amy has gone middle-aged and doesn't do anything .  i would only recommend buying this book if you are a total heartland fan .  carey is really annoying at the start and the horses hardly feature at all .i hope the last 2 books in the series are better ,  because this one was rather pants .
this is another offshoot of the commercially successful predecessor .  the book traces the history of the knights templar and their supposed transformation into free masons .  much of the discussion focuses on free masonry ,  including its role in the american revolution .  i found the factual support lacking and the prose quite uninspired
i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara's pulitzer prize winning  " killer angels ,  "  and because i'm a baseball fan .   the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher .   it's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot .   the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories .   the feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there .any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away ,  flaws that distract and damage the work .   shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees .   why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear .   the hawks apparently are from atlanta ,  but an atlanta team ,  braves or hawks ,  whichever ,  would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season .   finally ,  when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game ,  he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium--not on the mound on the field .this book was published posthumously and mr .  shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in  " killer angels .  "   it's unfortunate .there are glimmers of interest in the book ,  but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book
ive read mixed reviews on this book and though i had to make my own mind up .  i first bought the book ,  120pages later i realised that i had no clue what was going on ,  so i bought the audiobook  ( 5 hours later i was still thinking what the hell is going on )  .now im stephen kings no1 fan and have loved the majority of his work ,  the talisman for me was a fantastic bolt on to the dark tower quest .  so naturally i thought this would be the same .the book is one of the slowest drawn out books ive ever came accross ,  not a patch on previous work .  i forced myself through the book expecting more ,  and im sorry to say this one doesnt deliver on any horror ,  excitment etc ,  do yourself a favour ,  get a tin of paint and watch it dry - more happens in that and at a much quicker pace than it does in this book .this book is for die hard fans only .  .  .  but even diehards will find this a chore
i like the idea that michael lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that .  having said that i did not like this book :1 )  the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times .  i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis' point .2 )  the story lacked the depth of lewis' other wonderful books - where's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball  ( and others )  educational - i wanted the story behind the story .3 )  who were all the pictures of ?  i found them distracting .  .  .i'll continue to read lewis' books bu thope the next one is bette
she wastes the first chapters ,  and my time ,  going to extremes with kooky consultants that only someone who doesn't deserve to be hired would use .   it adds to the drama and despair i suppose ,  but it comes off as contrived ,  and as an attempt to pander to her extremist/pessimist reading coterie .i don't think babs could have possibly put more words in quotations .   her ocd with quotated words and terms is a distraction that ultimately drove me nuts .  i can't believe she's an accomplished writer .her writing style can best be described as unsmooth and read-stoppage inducing .oh well ,  her intentions were good
" this has been a story of an american soldier whose involvement in the making of the world's greatest dictionary was singular ,  astonishing ,  memorable and laudable - and yet at the same time wretchedly sad .  "  - prologue .   well ,  that certainly could have been the story .   but what it was was a history of the dictionary  ( as in  " the history of the horse "  )  with w . c .  minor's contributions finally gotten to on page 116 or so .   winchester ,  the author of several other books i'll avoid ,  also seems to suffer from the common malady - or unwillingness - of not knowing how to end a book .   so the last fifty pages sink the poor reader into .  .  . the history of insanity/dimentia/alzeihmer's ,  whatever you want to call what minor suffered .   whereas i should have shed a tear when the main character - assuming it wasn't a dictionary - was laid to rest at age 85 ,  i was fairly glad to see him go .
i thought the title was interesting so i bought this book .   wow ,  what a disappointment .   this is sappy and poorly written .   how does mitch albom keep  getting on the best sellers list
i must admit i usually write only positive reviews as i buy books very carefully .   this is unfortunately a wrong buy .   i like the shabby chic style and since she's the person to get inspiration from on this style ,  i immediately bought this book without hesitation .   i must say i wasn't inspired at all not even on one item and i am usually quite easily inspired by just reading a mag ,  browsing through ebay or simply walking around the market .   the pics are big but on flowers ?  ?   i think  i should've got the first book instead
this book ,  above all others ,  reveals the breakdown of classical  ( libertarian )  liberalism into the statist liberalism of today .   although the first part of the work ,  being a refutation of edmund burke's silly  nonsense ,  is stellar ,  and is well worth reading .   regardless ,  the second  part ,  the chapter on &quot ; ways and means&quot ;  in particular ,  is composed  of the most despicable ,  anti-liberty doctrines that one can find .   what  paine basically proposed was a late 18th century form of the welfare state ,   replete with progressive taxation ,  subsidies for child birth ,  and other  fine statist amenities .   thus ,  as all of these things are ,  in his words ,  to  be claimed as rights ,  the title of this book comes to mean nothing  whatsoever .   it is indeed sad that thomas paine has gained such an enduring  legacy as a friend to liberty .   in truth ,  he is actually one of its worst  enemies ,  as he combines a just zeal for resistance to oppression ,   revolution ,  and reason ,  he sabotages his entire political philosophy
not as good as &quot ; entre nous&quot ;  - less fun and more acedemic .  but even then it is not a well written essay .  the few good salient points are repeated too often ,  and with not much creativity or development
its a good book to draw examples of idustries in different stages of technology evolution .  however it is lacking in theoretical content ,
wow .  . what lies .   i never hear any kind of news channel favor the left .  .  . never .   the media ,  especially fox news ,  has a right wing bias .  . its 100% fact ,  proven beyond any reasonable doubt .   the republican right wing nut job wackos invented the concept of a liberal bias in the media for political advantage ,  and its simply not true .republicans are the worst thing that could ever happen to this country ,  all they know how to do is lie ,  cheat ,  steal ,  and profit off of the suffering of others .   oh yeah ,  and these religious wing nuts are delusional bigots who think some guy waved a magic wand and invented the universe .   give me a break .this book is 100% lies .   i actually burned the book after i read it .  .  .  ( notice the lack of credible sources )  .good job republicans .  .  . continue to make up news .  .  . the people are catching on !
this book is bad for beginner and practically useless for a master .  there is no comprehensive description of training complexes ,  footwork drills and other important details ,  which were completely omitted .  it gives just an  overview of the system in general ,  so the reader can have some vague  feeling of what giron escrima is
the is by far the weakest grisham novel i've ever read .   the first two hundred pages creep along at a glacial pace as the protagonist  ( joel backman ;  more about him later )  wanders italy for nearly 200 pages ,  learning to speak the language and spending way too much time sipping espresso in quaint trattorias with italian carictatures that would make chico marx cringe .   when grisham finally rachets up the action and suspense ,  it's all for naught ,  as the story eventually limps and staggers to a completely listless and anticlimactic ending .as for joel backman ,  i can't think of a more unlikeable and unsympathetic protagonist in recent memory .   a disgraced lawyer ,  lobbyist and traitor that plowed through life in a meaningless quest for wealth and power ,  all the while causing numerous deaths ,  and alienating numerous wives and children is supposed to be someone we care about ?   does this character redeem himself in any meaningful fashion ?   you read the book and decide .  .
a very disappointing book ,  and again ,  makes me very wary of any item on a  " new york times best seller list "  or any other list ,  and really any big name reviewer recommendation .this book has one 50 page chapter which is excellent - the recap of the thompson  " shot heard around the world "  homerun .  if you are a baseball fan as i am ,  that  ( barely )  made the book worthwhile .  the other 700 pages are disjoint ,  incomprehensible ,  and really trivial .  you come away thinking  " i really don't care bout this stuff "  - i don't care about the dynamics of trash ,  about j edgar hoover's bathroom habits ,  klara sax's artistic depression and annoying infatuations about roof tops ,  about characters that just don't have much depth to really care about .  at the end ,  even potentially interesting characters like albert  ( the one on the baseball quest )  become hard to bear .  the whole book in fact had the feel of going to a senior citizen home .i read this book ,  as perhaps others did ,  expecting a book about the mafia or about other figures in the underworld .  what i got was a book with a good first chapter ,  some interesting tidbits here and there about how life used to be in the 50's  ( fear of nuclear weapons ,  duck and cover classroom exercies )  ,  and a lot of knowledge about the trash business .the  " masterful "  epilogue ,  as other reviewers call it ,  really does no justice to a reader who has spent so much time toiling over delillo's ragtag story telling .  i am ok with stream of consciousness writing ,  or nonchronological chapters ,  or even random chapters ,  but the methods used in thsi book served no purpose other than to further make the reading difficult .was this book about how mundane our lives are versus the bigger things that occur around us ?  or how each of us is on an individual quest ?  or that the 50's-60's-70's-80's were just years of fear ,  and the 90's are years of greed ?  i am still unsure ,  i still don't think any of these themes came across well .please - not pretending to be a sophisticate ,  intellectual ,  or professional critic - but this book is really not worth the time or effort .  you can be staisfied by a number of other books ,  including the  " the corrections "  by franzen or  " the cold six thousand "  by ellroy  which cover a similar period or similar themes and do not make you so frustrated or disappointed at the end .read the first chapter ,  then put the book down or you will be sorely disappointed and have wasted an awful lot of time .
i bought this book because it was listed with ellen miller's like being killed ,  a brilliant and complex book about a woman's love affair with heroin ,  her best friend susie ,  and her best friend's duplicitous hiv positive boyfriend .  the protagonist herself was brilliant and complex .  so naturally ,  i expected the same thing out of swimming sweet arrow .  man ,  was i disappointed .  this was yet another trashy tale about a pathetic woman's masochistic sex life ,  pathetic obsession with brutal men ,  and pathetic quest for attention .  her entire life is a meta-existence :  rather than desiring ,  she desires to be desired .  rather than enjoying ,  she enjoys being enjoyed .  the male characters and the female characters are written by someone who has never met a male or female who didn't exhibit the most common stereotypes ;  in her world ,  all men are sensation-craving brutes ,  and all women are attention-craving doormats .  the men want drugs ,  fun ,  and sex ,  and the women whine and cry and enjoy nothing--not the drugs ,  not the sex ,  just being a victim due to the attention it provides .  this book made me really miserable to be perceived as part of this gender .
at the height of socialist popularism in england ,  cir .  1944 ,   george orwell ,  a leading proponent of socialism ,  believing in its promises as did many , if not most of eurpose's leading intellectuals and politicians ,  wrote a review of hayek's famous book ,   " the road to serfdom .  "   orwell wrote the review in the  " observer ,  "  london april 9 , 1944 .hayek ,  mentions this fact as a footnote in chapter 17 of his classic book ,   " the constitution of liberty "  published in 1960 ,  as evidence of the disillusionment of socialist intellectuals ,  when they were confronted with the observation that individualism and socialism were mutually exclusive .  those same intellectuals had not accepted the proposition when advanced by karl mannheim in his book ,   " man and society in an age of reconstrucion "   ( 1940 )  .   mannheim had been a long opponent of socialism ,  but orwell had only been converted after being exposed to  " the road to serfdom .  "   by 1960 ,  when orwell had become a world renowned author and staunch opponent of big brother doublespeak ,  hayek recognized that the political proponents of socialsm which was dying as a political ideal ,  were now introducing the concept of the welfare state .while virtually everyone alive today have been effected by orwell's works and his prescient warnings about big brother ,  how many of us are aware of hayek's infulence on him ?" the constitution of liberty "  provides its readers with an enormous wealth of knowledge ,  of which this one footnote is only a small example .   each reader is bound to be effected in one way or another by the knowledge imparted to them ,  and this is one of the main lessons to be learned about  " liberty "  which requires the  " rule of law "  to exist in today's society ,  but that rule of law must be understood .   the failure of today's inteligencia is to fail to fully comprehend the meaning of liberty and its necessity in a world full of confusion from the confrontation of competing civilizations .unfortunately ,  hayek is no longer alive to help guide us through the new millenium .   fortunately ,  he has left us a large volume of work ,  perhaps more relevant today than it was when written years ago .   while  " the constitution of liberty "  is voluminous in itself ,  it should be kept as a reference book .   hayek's other works ,   " the road to serfdom "  and his last published volume ,   " fatal conceit-the evils of socialism "  published in 1980 is a magnificent continuation of hayek's life long discertation on the evolution of mankind's growth from a tribal ,  familial society which did not require man to understand or protect liberty ,  to a group of city-states that prospered because of the liberties protected in athens ,  but only moderately understood ,  so that such a great and wise philosopher as aristotle would believe that freedom could only exist as far as a man could yell .hayek's understanding that western civilization has prospered from individualism ,  that it has grown and prospered from the freedom to travel ,  to trade ,  to exchnge property ,  material ,  real and intellectual .   he explains why man must be humble ,  that humans progress from trial and error ,  not from conceited belief that one way or another way is correct .   that to be free and liberated is to be free to make mistakes and government should exist to protect individuals'rights to make mistakes while they attempt to profit in their own ideals and beliefs .
in the possibility that steve berry could ever transcend his not-so great debut ,  the amber room .   romanov prophecy started in the right direction ,  third secret was ok ,  but i think he hit his *peak* right there .i really want authors to get better--heck ,  i hope to write better papers as i go along in college .   but ,  steve berry ,  sorry .   and for all you people out there who don't like it when people give negative reviews of a book you like ,  just hang on a second before you give me a big fat no vote .first of all ,  even though this is fiction ,  the whole da vinci code genre purports to be based on fact .   berry always writes his note at the end to underscore this .   however ,  if you want the reader to accept your plot ,  please get some basic facts correct first .   the most annoying one for me ,  as ,  ahem ,  a french major ,  is the very dramatic chapter closer where they zip off to the  " palais des popes .  "   excuse .   me .    " popes "  ?   just because the english word looks kind of like the french word  " pape "   ( for pope )  doesn't mean you can flippantly swap them !   eek .   and ,  btw ,  this is a real place ,  so some editor somewhere should have noticed this .   shame on you ,  s . b . 's editors .   ok ,  i'm not saying a novel must contain no anachronisms whatsoever  ( it is fiction ,  after all )  ,  but really big ,  glaring mistakes of geography or history cannot be tolerated .the other main issue i have with this book is the vehement attack on jesus christ and the resurrection and the bible as a whole .   cotton malone ,  our hero ,  says that the bible contains hundreds  ( i'm paraphrasing )  glaring inconsistencies .   if i remember correctly ,  he says that one of the gospels  ( he picks on matthew a lot )  doesn't place bethlehem as the place of jesus' birth .   that one doesn't hold water--i checked matthew myself .   says so in ch .  2 .   i don't mean to thump the metaphorical bible ,  but who is steve berry to question the authenticity of the world's #1 bestseller ever ?   that's quite audacious  .  .  .  some would even say blasphemous--but i tread on glass .i really can't go into the terrible character development ,  or lack thereof ,  or the wussy knights templar .   yeah ,  they're big and bad ,  but malone seems to bump them off with the greatest of ease .   some  " knights of christ "  they are .well ,  having alienated most of you ,  i bid you farewell as i go in search of a more worthy book
roberts' little fable pits a wholly benign free-trade against absolute protectionism and guess which one looks better .   based on the theories of david ricardo ,  the fable assumes that every worker in the world is always treated fairly and every boss is kind and responsible .   in the choice there are no sweat shops and no corrupt ceos .   fables like the choice  ( or the  " free-market economy "  for that matter )  are easy to believe because we want the world to be that simple .   that's why the book is dangerous .   the choice has almost nothing to do with the real world ,  but it sounds good .   the argument is so seamless that it appears almost unassailable .   if you buy roberts' version of ricardo ,  however ,  you must accept wal-mart as the epitome of business virtue .roberts may be a great guy ,  and he certainly writes well .   unfortunately ,  his book begins with a series of fallacious premises and works its way toward a conclusion that is simple ,  elegant ,  and horribly wrong
i had read all about fsm before picking up this book and bought it as more of a conversation piece .well ,  suffice to say this will never get any space with my other books as it is very poorly put together .flimsy cover ,  flimsy pages ,  it's put together about as well as a children's coloring book .i too was fooled by the default picture ,  i thought it was a nice hard cover with a bookmark ribbon like other  " religious "  texts .nothing could be further from the truth .hey amazon ,  change the default picture to the one which shows the book as is ,  a flimsy cover with a picture of a hard cover on it
sure this book is only for beginner or outsider of cosulting business .  but then ,  for the price of this book ,  i would rather buy a much cheaper book but with more useful information and ideas - such as consulting for dummies .  the book is full of motherhood statements and it is more liked written by a grand mom and she called herself consultant ;  but come on ,  consulting is a highly skillful business that require structural ,  systematic yet creative thinking .  overall ,  i think this book is a waste of money for experienced consultant .  while for beginner ,  the reader will risk the wrong impression that it's this easy to win a consulting work - highly unlikely in a complex and competative world
this book is filthy .   i had to take a shower after i read it .   why doesn't he get a job ?   why does he have to live in france ?  why doesn't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers ?   so many questions .   people just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say james michenier because it was banned .   it was banned because it's a bad book
i enjoy the hillerman navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed .  not so in this book .  i found the first half really boring and hard to get through .  the characters were not people you could care about ,  an important issue for me
as i read this book it was easy to tell that it was not written by mr .  cussler ,  the story was slow and the plot was transparent .this book just didn't have the  " zing "  of the older cussler stories .if you are just laying around with nothing else to do it will give you something to read
i've read a lot of the books in the series ,  and hillerman is one of my favorite mystery writers ,  but i have to say this one fell way short of his other mysteries .   my main complaint is the presence of several plot gaps and inconsistencies not characteristic of the author--his well-crafted mysteries almost always hold water ,  but not this one .   i whole-heartedly recommend most of hillerman's other jim chee/joe leaphorn novels ,  but if you want a good entrance into his captivating style and skill ,  this is not the book to pick up .
i'm in a good mood today ,  and feeling generous -- hence the two stars .  secrest learned that rodgers could be a rotten person ,  that he drank and was a womanizer .  she then proceeds to beat us over the head with it at great length .  i didn't count the words ,  but it seemed like she spent more time on that then she did on rodgers and hammerstein -- not to mention the post-hammerstein years .  we learn nothing about how these shows came about and what happened to them beyond the most cursory ;  it's if her research there was limited to the notes on the cast albums .  i've kept most of my theater books ,  except for this one .  it went to the used book store
i have loved each and every one of jane hamilton's other novels and highly recommend them :   the book of ruth ,  a map of the world ,  short history of a prince and disobedience .   this book ,  sadly ,  does not rank among them .   it feels forced and uninteresting ,  with outlandish and unrecognizable characters and scenarios .   i've already paid for it ,  so i'll probably try to finish it ,  but don't waste your time or money .   read another hamilton instead
there is no doubt in my mind that josh harris is a good person ,  who sincerely wants to help people ,  particularly young christian women ,  who are especially affected by the vicissitudes of the modern dating scene .  however ,  he doesn't seem to offer much honesty about why this book has been so popular .   either he's guilelessly uninformed or deliberately avoidant :  inexcusable in either case ,  considering how influential this book has become .is it because it offers the best possible advice on how to navigate the most clear and direct path from singleness to marriage ?   no .   for the vast majority of singles ,  the approach described in this book will be too rigid and contrived to be workable .   few couples have actually gotten together this way .the real reason why this book ,  with its overwhelmingly female readership ,  has sold so well comes down to one main reason :  there is a severe shortage of single christian men ,  as documented in campuslifecollegeguide . com male/female ratios ,  and the barna research group website which estimates the shortfall to be in the millions .   christianity today recently identified the gender imbalance as being the issue that  " rises to the top "  for christian singles .because christians are encouraged to look at circumstances as springing from  " god's plan "  for their lives ,  many of the surplus women faithfully avoid doing the math ,  but certainly feel the lack of male attention .   unfortunately ,  this often gets boiled down to some kind of  " passive christian guy thing "  ,  but it probably has more to do with the complacency that accompanies the abundance of women :  which is the defining masculine climate wherever there is a man shortage ,  whether it's new york city ,  post-war russia or your local mega-church .   it's not so much a lack of male leadership ,  but a lack of males .and so the idea of courtship appeals to the romantic longings of single christian women frustrated by what they perceive to be a lack of initiative taken by single christian men ,  who they greatly outnumber .   since reading christian books about relationships can be as titilating as any romance novel ,  many of these women will pour over every detail looking for the one piece of advice ,  the one thing they can change about themselves that will make a difference .   which means they stay on the spiritual self-improvement treadmill ,  fuelling a christian singleness industry with its own slogan  " the gift of singleness "  that refuses to tell them the truth about the christian man shortage that is the greatest cause of their prolonged singleness !   of course ,  their lack of contentment  ( an innate response that tells you that things don't add up )  is something they are told to repent ,  ironically by pundits who themselves will not repent of how they profit from this symbiotic relationship .   but as long as these women can be convinced that their discontent is caused not by unnaturally protracted singleness that's the result of the christian man shortage but their by own spiritual failings ,  there'll always be a market for christian self-help books like this one .   pure genius !what's more ,  there are  " unintended consequences "  that can go along with harris' model for  " courtship "  that he doesn't really address :1 )  because all masculine initiative taking must be based on a guy's intention to marry the woman ,  it makes asking a woman to do anything a big deal to him .  this can have several sub-consequences :( a )  it creates a lot of anxiety for guys in terms of their decision-making and rejection-risk  ( getting turned down for a date is bad enough ,  but imagine having your  " potential marriage proposal "  crash and burn !  )   ( b )  it fosters prolonged crushes ,  as stakes get so high with the guy investing all kinds of time and energy in figuring out that this is  " the one "  ,  he might not ever do it  ( c )  ironically ,  it can boost up the guy's expectations in terms of a woman's looks .  because the guy has to have everything worked out in their heads  ( that yes ,  this is the kind of woman i want to marry )  lot of guys end up not bothering to spend time with girls who don't look like whatever their  " wife prototype "  might be .  guys who date and don't make a big deal of  " a date "  are more likely to ask out women they never thought of marrying and possibly end up getting married anyways  ( in  " how to get a date worth keeping "  ,  henry cloud explains how couples will admit that their spouses weren't really  " their type "  when they first met )  .2 )  it keeps people from the humbling reality check that dating provides .  serial dating  ( as practiced in latin american countries ,  where a guy will ask out tons of women ,  get turned down by most of them until he has a  " short-list "  )  teaches you where you stand with the opposite sex .  you ask your way down your  " ladder of options "  until you find your equal  ( likewise for women ,  in terms of dealing with the facts about who's asking and who's not )  .  with courtship ,  a man or woman can nurse an untested prototype of what they want in their heads for years .  the idea that it's better not to have any previous flames to compare them to is false .  you're better off being compared to their last girlfriend/boyfriend  ( a real human being with chunky thighs and all )  than with the evangelical angelica jolie/brad pitt that has filled their imaginations since adolescence !3 )  it reduces interactive opportunities that promote the acquisition of social skills needed in a romantic context with the opposite sex .  it reinforces the pattern of psycho-social-sexual immaturity you commonly see in christian singles circles .4 )  it's unfair to the woman to have some guy spring a potential marriage proposal  ( which is essentially what courtship is )  on her without any prior notice that the guy  ( who's had a head start on working out his feelings )  is romantically interested .  most christian women seem to need some time to progressively get used to the idea of having a date with most of the guys who would realistically ask them ,  let alone entertain the thought of marriage .5 )  it also heightens the significance of anything the men do when interacting with the women in their circle ,  who inevitably end up reading too much into their behavior and expecting too much whenever any nuance of interest gets expressed by a someone they like .  kind of like ,   " he's a nice ,  sincere ,  christian guy and he wouldn't be spending this kind of time with me if he didn't think of me as marriage material ,  right ?  "  .  .  . not always so .if we are to stand back and take a look at it ,  the whole courtship redux really hasn't gotten off the ground :  it works for too few people at this time .  maybe the world has changed too much ,  or perhaps there are other issues today's christian singles face in the mating game that need to be dealt with first :  such as the confusion about  " the gift of singleness "  and the shortage of men .  i would recommend debbie maken's getting serious about getting married :  rethinking the gift of singleness for an alternative view of courtship that embraces the ordinariness and universality of marriage ,  instead of this moldy oldy .
the audio is delivered in a monotone that almost puts you to sleep .  not a good thing while drivin
i really liked suzanne summers .  i've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video .  when i saw her on the today show advertising this book i couldn't wait to get it .she promotes the schwarzbein principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy .  suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again !  just because wendy's particular diet was unhealthy ,  that doesn't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy .  there are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets .  look at all the hindus in india ,  they're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy .i know that soy has been a controversial subject recently ,  but it's the pill form of soy that is questionable ,  soy it it's natural form is healthy for you .  how can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of east asians eat soy as part of their daily diet ?  i've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy .i eat a balanced vegetarian diet and get all the nutrients my body needs .   just because one doctor doesn't believe that a vegetarian diet is healthy ,  doesn't make it a fact .  suzanne you've really gone too far to tell everyone to stop being a vegetarian .  with that misinformation in your book ,  i have a hard time believing that anything else is true and fact .
i know a lot of people liked this book ,  but it didn't work for me .  the main character and his buddies run around like chickens with their heads cut off ,  acting as if they have committed a huge crime .  the problem is ,  they didn't .  there is no crime .  i talked to several cops and a prominent defense attorney about this plot ,  and it makes no sense .  it would make sense if someone comes after the mcguffin ,  early on ,  but no one does ,  not until very late in the book .  so most of the story has no foundation .
i wanted to like this book ,  but i found it disappointingly thin .   i wouldn't go so far as the previous reviewer and dismiss it as &quot ; hopeless&quot ;  ,  but it's certainly superficial :  postman seems to rely on secondary sources about enlightenment thought ,  rather than any deep reading of enlightenment texts .   the idea of &quot ; building a bridge to the 18th century&quot ;  seems more like a marketing device ,  a fresh way of presenting some of postman's familiar themes ,  than a serious proposition  ( he even includes a summary of his &quot ; disappearance of childhood&quot ;  argument in an appendix )  .   it's a shame ,  really ,  because the enlightenment has been getting too much undeservedly bad press for far too long ,  and postman is correct when he points out that we owe much of what's good and admirable about contemporary society to enlightened thinking .   for a much more substantial survey and defence of enlightenment thought and culture ,  read roy porter's _the creation of the modern world :  the british enlightenment_
i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 ,  then it was a mere idea .  from that time on ,  until august 20th 2002 ,  i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time .  i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title :   " let freedom ring "  with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover ,  patriot that he is ,  but also a flag .  i loved it ,  couldn't be more happy .well ,  the day of the book's release ,  i took a day off work  ( i've never missed a day of work before in my life )  ,  and rushed to get this book .  it looked better than i ever imagined .with the flag on the cover and the title of  " let freedom ring ,  "  i thought ,  finally ,  technology has caught up to our patriotism .  i expected a book filled with flags ,  flags with sound effects .  maybe some firework sound effects .boy was i wrong .  i opened the book only to the colors black and white .  no red .  no blue .  no stars and stripes .  i quickly turned the pages ,  looking ,  searching for flags .  i found none ,  no sound effects either ,  no fireworks .at that point ,  i went into a 4 year long depression .  i nearly committed suicide at several points .  it's only now that i can bring myself to review this man's book ,  patriot that he is .i say this so you know what you're getting yourself into .  there are no flags ,  no stars and stripes ,  no fireworks ,  no sound effects .i have since recovered ,  but only because of old stars and stripes .  i went back to teaching last year ,  not fully recovered ,  and my colleagues ,  knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes ,  suggested i have my class do a research project :  find the most patriotic book ever made .the methodoloy was simple :  a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high ,  a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest .we found some very good books and they did cheer me up .  the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called  " president jesus :  how jesus wrote the constitution ,  freed the slaves ,  and won world war ii .  "  its published by a small church in texas .  i was very proud of my students for finding it .  it has brought countless joy to my life .  along with the book ,  made entirely out of a flag ,  with flag pictures ,  and written in blue and red ink ,  you get a giant flag .  i'm not sure of the dimensions ,  but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck .  i've draped it over my house and it covers it completely .  people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house .now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time ,  smiling .
when i read this ,  i was not expecting to become a commie ,  but at least i was hoping for something more compelling than the pure hatred of people who have more than others and the racist concsipracy theories  ( especially re jews )  that the authors came up with .i understand that people accord this book some respect because it has influcenced many people .   but that is what hate litterature does .   this book is especially powerful in its attempt to find sharp class lines to allow the  " masses "  to hate
more hate books .   how could anyone write anything so wrong
don't buy this book if you do not have to for a class .  i did .  as with most textbooks ,  it is a ripoff .  mankiw got a 1 . 4 million - million - dollar advance for it .  who do you think pays that .what kinds of things does this text teach ?  well ,  it contends that unemployment insurance and labor unions cause unemployment ,  because people do not want to look for work when they can fall back on the governmnet .  this is the biggest load of hooey in the world .  i guess when you are a rich ,  tenured professor it is quaint to see those people lining up who just lost their jobs because business major read your book .  and minimum wage ?  kills off jobs .mr makniw is now the chairman of the presidents council of economic advisors .  what a job he has done .  worst jobs record since hoover .  of course ,  if the capitalists honchos had their way ,  everyone else would be working for $2 . 75 an hour .read this book ,  but go to the grocery store first .  on top of the $100-plus you pay for this book ,  punk down 75 cents for a box of salt .  you're gonna need every grain
this book has a lot of names .   i'll give it that .   but ,  there are some relatively common names that are missing .   and so many invented names .   my favorite of the invented names are schmoopie and poogie .   as if these names will show up on a birth certificate !  !the definitions/origins of the names are poorly researched and confusing .for the name  " cowboy "  the book tells you it means  " country "   for the name  " country "  it tells you it means  " western "  .not that either of those is a standard name ,  but ,  for  " words as names "  aren't you going to pick it because it has meaning to you ?also ,  the lists are totally false ,  something the author  ( if you can call her that )  made up while sitting around drinking with her buddies .   and some of the names on these lists aren't even found later in the book .    ( ex .  lynus on the  " party animals "  list )i wish i had held out for a trip to the bookstore instead of just picking up the first book i saw at walmart .    i figured with so many names i would find one i liked ,  but i am just so distracted by all the junk that i will never find a good name here .
to me  . this book was definately not one of the best in the series . i admire the kristina , but this book was slow and dull . it was practiacally all about the politics of sweden . very dull
having a plant nursery for 20 years i can tell you if this book is you only resource be in for a wild ride .  he  states many places what has cause him the most problems ,  but no one starts a nursey the same and workable ideas would be better than the work he calls stressful and more important than growing plants .  our nursery is the opposite of stressful and has so many happy rewards never mention in this book .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . very little help on selling and getting customers also
i look for books all the time on this topic to see if there any new moves i can pick up to help shape and tone the stomach area which is a problem for most of us .  i think if you are just starting out this book will help you understand the positions you need to get into but it's going to take alot more than 8 minutes to get results and i have been training for years
i used to follow politics but now i know better .  clinton is a hero to poor folk in the us only bc bush is such a nazi ,  sorry ,  but clinton did more than any pres in us history to cut welfare to the moms who need it the most !  i ain't no fool partisan of a richmans party and i don't like america .  and yes i'm born and raised in the us ,  there is no democracy here ,  only a moneycracy !  !  !  power to the ppl lets make a real country for the ppl ,  not the capitalist leech scum !  !
first off ,  so much of the copy is devoted to his horrible sense of humor ,  imagine a junior high school student  " acting big "  to impress his friends with jokes ,  that type of annoying bravura humor is simply unrelenting throughout the book .   it is filler .   the illustrations are sized so big the actual technical content of the book is quite low .   just more filler .   finally ,  all the techniques in the book can be found during normal operation of ps ,  or at worst a few internet searches .   i think this book is over-priced and i wish i could return it .   caveat emptor
this book reads like the blog of some angry person who ignores evidence to the contrary and embraces anything that agrees with him .   it was very hard to take seriously
this book is so outdated .  all the techniques listed in this book are from the 1980's and earlier ,  which means that most of the things you can learn from this book are already learned by you from the past .  there are much more recent interesting researches and discoveries of human nature you can find in other books
bought this one for evolution class .  it is a horrible excuse for a textbook .  do not buy this book unless it is for a middle school student .  if the authors think this book has been written for an advanced audience ,  then i would suggest that anyone interested in learning evolution not attend university of washington
i ordered this book and read most of it in the hope that i would learn something about familiars  .  in the interval between ordering and receiving my sixth sense made me begin to have doubts about ms little  .  had she flown about the battlements of an old castle in the form of an owl ?  had she entertained a hyrax or a feral cat as a house guest  ?  had she ever had a pet bat living behind a picture in the living room  ?  was she acquainted with the properties of henbane and twylight sleep and did she number hecate among her close friends ?  the kindest thing  ,  i thought was to suggest that ms little knew as much about familiars as i know about conveyancing or futures trading  ,  and let it go at that
this book provides a good overview of blacks  ( slave and free )  in new york .  it's a very good reference  ( encyclopedic )  book .my main problem with it is that leslie m .  harris ,  the author ,  relies heavily  ( if not entirely )  on secondary sources .  the book ,  then ,  is nothing more than a patchwork of various other more scholarly works .  hence ,  finding the actual primary source  ( i . e .  court decision ,  council minutes ,  etc )  proves extremely difficult .i do not recommend this book for advanced students .  if ,  however ,  you're interested in an easy read and don't care about sources ,  this is the book for you
i found this book sadly lacking in substance and quality activities .  spend your money on days of knights and damsels by carlson
many reviewers on this site read tlgpe in the 70's ,  when we were young and impressionable .   ( i happened to be 13 when i read it .  )  if one could be sued for intellectual forgery ,  lindsey would certainly be found at fault .most of us ,  thankfully ,  have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years .  after all ,  when we read tlgpe ,  we were young .  we were searching and seeking .  we didn't have all of the facts .  there were wolves who knew this ,  and they preyed upon us .  many people who were older ,  yet still intellectually undeveloped ,  read this book and were moved to 'believing' .for most of us ,  our minds matured .  we began to see the vast chinks in lindsey's pompous christian armor .  we began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen ,  by people who use a subtle ,  gentle cloth of manipulation to control others .this is beyond dangerous .  it is beyond extreme ,  as most of us have now found out .i love a good horror novel .  i love a good 'true crime' thriller .  but the fact that people read lindsey's books and take them at face value is ,  perhaps ,  one of the scariest notions i have ever imagined .that ,  dear reader ,  is beyond horrific  .   .   .  and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of lindeys 'books' .  the only thing scarier is that mr .  lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated ,  silly ,  contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago .  please don't be the next sucker .  please don't add this one to your cart .
steer clear of this one - criticizing others for lack of original thought or a consistent viewpoint ,  while virtually copying their cover  ( not to mention riding the wave of their unique concept )  illustrates the weak and timid position assumed  by this author .   please achieve your own significance ,  not bashing others popular and widely accepted readership .   as christians ,  we are obviously aware of varying theories on end-times .   to even slightly indicate we are not aware indicates the authors pompous platform .   so sad his approach couldn't be based on his own original work
i want to make a short comment here :1 )  this book is quite confusing .  it mixed up the real story with the make up one .2 )  saying that ramanujun thought goldbach conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake .  everyone believe that goldbach conjecture is true .  and ramanujun is a real genius .  i cannot stand this make up part
my introduction to borges was through the collection labyrinths .  i immediately fell in love with the stories ,  the prose ,  the poetry ,  and so went on to buy this complete volume .  while it is nice to have all borges's stories in one place ,  and at a reasonable price ,  the language doesn't really hold up for me .  the translation is .  .  .  well ,  not sloppy ,  but too simple ,  like those childrens' versions of classic novels they pressed on you in 5th grade .  i have nothing against andrew hurley ,  but his translation of borges leaves me cold .  i'd give borges 5 stars out of 5 ,  but hurley ?  no more than 2 .
i was incredibly disappointed with this book purchase - especially because i paid full price for it .  i have absolutely no use for it .  why ?why pay money for a book that simply takes prepackaged cookie and cake mixes ,  and adds a handful of nuts or dried fruit ,   ( thus ,  making it  " homemade "  )  to give away ?  anyone with the smallest amount of natural creativity could do this on their own ,  without the instruction of a cookbook .  let me give you an example :  one of the  " recipes "  in this book is for lollipops .you melt down other lollipops or pieces of hard candy and drop a stick in the puddle .  wow .  that is crafty .  how ridiculous .  even worse ,  - as you will see by the illustration ,  - the  " homemade "  'lollipop' looks disgusting .  the stick is about four times as thick as the paper-thin puddle of liquified old hard candy .  i wouldn't dare give such a thing away as a gift .only a handful of recipes in this book are actually scratch-made from ingredients .  the premise of this book is dressing up premade prepackaged foods from your local grocery store ,  and slapping some notions from the craft store on a glass jar or paper box .  while some of the presentation ideas are original and attractive ,  in general it will prove a grave disappointment to an experienced cook .i have given this book two stars because it does present lovely photo illustrations of every  " recipe "  ,  and may give you inspiration for packaging and presenting your best recipes as gifts .  .  .  .  .  .  but if you have any creative talent and cooking skill whatsoever ,  - i advise you to seek out another book on this subject .  it is not worth the cost of the book .should you be interested in the simplicity and economical value  ( the craft notions to dress the package will cost more than the food you are preparing ) found in this book ,  - please- buy a used copy ,  - it isn't worth more than $3 bucks .  this is definitely a publication for a very inexperienced cook - and it is only for such a one i would recommend this book
sadly this second book left me unsatisfied .  for one ,  wouk's misgivings in the first book were well exaggerated in the second .  of course ,  once one has read through the first book ,  its hard to stop .  yet ,  by the end of war and remembrance i was thoroughly sick and annoyed by wouk's characters .  it's hard to relate to super humans ,  who constantly do super human feats .  most of the characters in the book come from superior stock ,  graduate from the top universities ,  have extremely good looks ,  and seem to harbour traits that make superman look normal and mundane .i guess after spending endless hours reading the book i am somewhat frustrated .  perhaps you will be like me ,  and by the second book without pausing .  but ,  for the sake of saving some time ,  i recommend you consider parting with the characters in book one .  don't make the mistake of buying book two just because book one was so good .
this book is full of excuses and manipulated data that ignores the ultimate moral responsibility of a society .   we can correlate joblessness with the number of innercity households that contain black ink pens if we want to .   while wilson presents an argument in an attempt to educate ,  his words are slanted in such a way that we are left feeling  " sorry for them "
dr .  northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies ,  stages of life and medical procedures .   however ,  i was appalled by her bias against western cultural heritage and christianity .   her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced ,  with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women .   as a catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded ,  compassionate religious sisters ,  i felt offended by her slur against nuns .   i am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing ,  but i would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research .
anyone who knows me would tell you i truly enjoy reading .   i am an avid reader known to finish an interesting book within hours .  it took me two weeks to get past the first seven chapters of this book .  the story just could not keep my interest .   i felt no real affinity to any of the characters .   i have other books by this author and come away with an interst in what would happen next with her lead characters .   she writes with real emphasis on how characters interact with each other and usually leaves you wanting more .   in the case of this novel i just didn't feel it .   her other novels will not leave you dissapointed .  ugly ways is not a good example of the ansa's true talent as a writer .   if you have not done so try her other novels .   i guarantee you will come away wanting to read more
this was expected .  a fanatic relativist dismembers absolutist views into little irrelevant pieces .  our civilization has been jumping between absolutism/universalism and relativism ever since its decline ,  with only a few people realizing a third alternative .  with this whole book based on a flawed definition ,  it is a pointless and utterly tedious read
this book is the typical package of business ideas .   the book gets 2 stars because the few pages devoted to entrepreneurship has very little substance and the information under each idea is sparse and in many cases not helpful .   in addition ,  there are numerous ideas that require a tremendous amount of work .   the author does state that what may be work for one person ,  may be play to another .   however ,  this relates to doing something you enjoy or having a passion where you don't mind putting in the time or work .   the title suggests that the business ideas listed in the book will not require a great deal of time or effort ,  which is not the case for many of the ideas ( masonry ,  restauranteur for example )  .this book has some value for those that have not read similar books of this type .   otherwise ,  i would take a pass on this one
i have been a devoted hiaasen fan from the beginning and awaited all his novels which are few and far between with much excited anticipation .   although his writing remains flawless and some of his lines are hysterical ,  the story is just so silly i found it hard to keep my attention focused .   i compare reading this book with watching a sponge bob cartoon which i do with my children on occasion .   sorry ,  i just couldn't finish it
all over the place .confusing .  poorly organized .i was unable to read this book and would love to return it .bad very bad .
j . k .  rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book .   the characters personalities were wavering in book 5 ,  in this they completely vanished or mutated .   i'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and i've read this far so i might as well go the whole way .in books one through four the trio of harry ,  ron ,  and hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day .   book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving ,  and more whining than day saving .  book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done .this book harry seemed to care more about romance .   a very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction ;  which had no background or build up from previous books .   a female character from the background ,  whom harry barely even notices all through the past five books ,  is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion .   several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to rowlings amature attempts at romance ,  none of which bore any revelance to plot or story .harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence .   the clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another .   the image of harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying ,  frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose ,  under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with malfoy .as to the general plot of the book .   poorly done .   continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me .   most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information ,  and the culmination of what harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything .my final opinion :  don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization .   a very disappointing book
i am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book .   i guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans ,  but i just don't see what was great ,  or even good ,  about this story .two teenagers enter a school and end up killing seven people .   they are caught ,  they confess ,  and the grandmother of one of the killers hires spenser to prove the boy's innocense .   we are given the impression a great mystery ,  with possible red herrings ,  is about to entertain us .   alas ,  it is not to be .   the kids did it ,  plain and simple .   why they did it is so stupid .   the story reads as though a sixth grader has written it .   the plot is lame ,  and even as lame as it is ,  it isn't executed well at all .the characters are boring and 2 dimensional .   the banter which takes place between the main character and others ,  while it seems to be trying to be witty ,  is just dumb and unbelievable .   i just can't say enough about how stupid this story is .   there are too many wonderful mystery authors out there writing gripping ,  intense works of fiction to waste your time on this one .   this is the first novel i have read by this author and will most definitely be my last
a disappointing book about a fabulous story .   the book reads as if it was pasted together from press cuttings and ,  if you look at the chapter notes ,  this appears to be how it was researched .there are little irritants ,  such as referring to steve jobs as  " steve "  as if he's a close friend ,  but the big problem is that it recounts a number of interesting incidents in steve jobs' career while missing the main story .   and what a fantastic story that is .   i hope that someone has written a decent account of steve jobs' life because i would like to read it .one thing is certain :   " icon "  sure ain't it .
i give this book a low rating because of the misinformation that nicholas wade has presented and in the manner it was presented ,   " dna and the secret family of thomas jefferson .  "this most difinitive  " unproven "  statement leads the unsuspecting reader to believe that he  " seems "  to know so much about genetics and early man that he knows all about the jefferson-hemings dna study and for what  " reason "  he sees fit to include it into a serious scientific book as being very suspect as mentioned by some reviewers .  he seems to not associate science and truth together as it pertains to the jefferson-hemings controversy .  unless i overlooked it ,  i saw no reference to the excellent work that genetist  spencer wells is performing for national geographic socity .   i assisted this study by providing access to jefferson dna  sources .  the result of a match was found in the early phoenicians ,  ( caanites mentioned in the bible ) and in lands that today are syria and lebanon .from what i know of the study  ( i assisted dr .  e . a .  foster with the dna study )  ,  mr .  wade's analysis of this is extremely limited ,  in fact ,  it is extremely biased .   " thomas jefferson fathered an unacknowledged family with his slave mistress sally hemings "   ( pg 257 )  .  what truthful fact does he have to give this statement ?  he makes the most of giving details by lying james callender and lying samuel wetmore/madison hemings in pike co .  ,  ohio .  why the details in a book topic such as this ?  i will give you serious readers on the serious dna topic my opinion .  as you may see in my several reviews of other biased books ,  these authors know nothing of the details of the dna study but spread old early biased media tales .  he did not inform you that a team of blue ribbon scholars  ( 13 senior professors )  for the scholars commission  (  [  .  .  .  ]  )  and determined that there is no proof that jefferson is guilty of these charges .  you may read on my web page :  www . angelfire . com/va/tjtruth all the details of this study .he cannot plead ignorance of the details because i sent him my research early in the media blitz and any reporter not using the many search engines to thoroughly search a subject is most suspect in my opinion .  can any serious researcher read his book and believe he/she is receaving accurate knowledge .  my knowledge of the other topics he has written about is limited ,  but i do know this jefferson-hemings study and he has done no current or original research .  he references annette gordon-reed as some type of  " authority "  on the controversy .  she was charged by the scholars commission report as having completely rearranged a letter from jefferson's grand-daughter to give a negative meaning to her words .  to add insult to his otherwise feeble attempt to influence your thinking ,  wade has a figure with the title ,   " thomas jefferson family with sally hemings .  ( pg . 260-261 )  .  "  his lack of knowledge of sally hemings and thomas jefferson is most lacking in current research because he goes into details that martha jefferson and sally hemings are half-sisters  ( an old political rumor brought forward by people wishing to confuse readers and to be politically correct .he does not mention a very scholarily book by dr .  and mrs .  james mcmurry ,   " anatomy of a scandal ,  thomas jefferson and the sally story "  ,  who did deep research on this rumor and found it a lie designed to fit earlier political mud slinging .  since he did not give the reader another source for study ,  another very interesting book ,   " jefferson vindicated ,  falacies ,  omissions , and contradictions in the hemings genealogical search "  ,  i will tell you it has a foreword by former monticello director ,  james a ,  bear ,  jr .  all of the named books ,  including ,   " the jefferson-hemings myth "  are available through amazon .i do agree with wade's last sentence on the jefferson-hemings controversy .  .  .  .  .  .  .  " some mysteries lie beyond the power of even dna to resolve .  "  i might add that contrived history is intertwined with dna and even the hemings will not permit the gathering of  " another "  hemings dna source .  .  .  .  . only one originally tested .herb bargerjefferson family historianherbar@comcast . net
considering that this is virtually the first attempt  ( as far as i know )  at a dictionary of the pentecostal/charismatic movement ,  this is a good start .  it is worth the price for what it does contain but it is not without glaringflaws . the title &quot ; international&quot ;  leads one to expect much more coverage of pentecost outside of the u . s .  canada ,  where pentecostal movements thrived in parallel with those in the u . s .  ,  is given very scanty treatment . some major early canadian apostles ,  such as o . j .  lovik ,  are skipped entirely .  there is also too much opportunity given for some controversial movements to propagandize .  a balanced article would necessitate an article by an unbiased observer ,  rather than by the leaders of those movements . finally ,  there is too much credence and space given to sociological assessments of a movement that requires ,  above all else ,  keen spiritual discernment to separate the wheat from the chaff .  that said ,  i will consult my copy often ,  for the great amount of useful material it does contain
john r .  barry  ( another digital communications textbook author )  first introduced me to this text .   and mr .  barry ,  as with many com .  theory persons i've met since  ( gtri in atlanta ,  ga ;  mitre along around the boston area of ma ;  northrup in el segundo ,  ca ;  intersil in palm bay/melbourne ,  fl )  actually use this book to justify their values and beliefs .   essentially ,  it's their bible .   the only problem is that the values and beliefs in proakis ,  especially from an engineering perspective ,  are very third rate .   trying to use this text in a classroom situation ,  especially with a third rate engineer as an instructor ,  is an utter disaster from both an economic and an engineering perspective .john r .  barry ,  for example ,  is a very good baby-sitter and a so-so mathematician  ( he couldn't be otherwise as a faculty member of georgia tech )  .   but as an engineer ,  john r .  barry ,  as with the other followers of proakis ,  compares very unfavorably  ( in fact ,  i don't consider barry an engineer ;  i consider him a phony that should be removed from the ece faculty of gatech ;  the department's economic fortunes would be far better if he were moved into some kind of adjunct english/mathematics faculty or just shipped off to some research laboratory without any students to harm  [ i . e .  ,  vampirically mind f--k them and then kindly provide them with werewolfic deliverance  ( yes ,  i mean along the lines of the 1972 movie with jon voight  [ angelina jolie's dad ]  and burt reynolds )  ]  .  .  . any place where truth/reality aren't so important )  .   there are far ,  far better communications engineers out there than john r .  barry  [ infinitely better to be precise ]  .   and what makes these others better  [ others meaning real engineers ;  john r .  barry being a make-believe  " engineer "  ]  is not mathematical ability ,  memorized knowledge ,  or even rhetorical shrewdness ,  but rather the difference lies in a faith of facts ;  something a follower of proakis never seems to possess or even grasp the possibility .in fact ,  the values and beliefs in the proakis text seem to promulgate not only  intellectual abuse ,  but also a spiritual sort as well .  in a nation  ( where steven pinker ,  who like proakis is of harvard fame ,  has noted )  that has around 75% of its population esentially believing in the biblical/torah-related account of things ,  this kind of spiritual abuse can be very dangerous indeed and lead to serious consequences .   though it may not be intentional ,  nevertheless ,  the values and beliefs of proakis's text and those of its instructors tend to be extremely spiritually abusive .   these values and these beliefs somehow set up a massive cognative dissonance with many student's own biblical/torah-related values and beliefs .   the result is almost always a broken-spirit .   from an economic perspective ,  this is bad .  very bad .  and it should be stopped by no longer using this text or any like it .most of the  " engineers "  now being  " developed "  by the followers of proakis  ( e . g .  ,  john r .  barry )  are very analogous to mid 20th century carribean medical school  " doctors .  "   they can say ,  write ,  and use a lot of terminology making them useful for billing purposes ,  i . e .  writing up invoices to insurance/government agencies .   these  " engineers "  like those  " doctors "  don't and probably never will understand the essence of their professions ,  though because of their training or lack thereof they really think they do .   when in fact ,  they are utterly clueless  " professionals .
the subtitle to this review should have been  " glaring inconsistencies & outright fantasies "  .  i've found a large number of inconsistencies with history that should be obvious to anyone who has read this thing closely .  for example ,  on page 7 coleman says  " the club of rome was established in 1968 "  ,  but on page 17 he suggests that the club of rome played  " a key role in the cuban missile crisis "  and  " attempted to sell its 'crisis management' .  .  . progam to president kennedy .  "   unless we've been misled ,  the cuban missile crisis happened a full 6 years before this group was founded .   what are careful readers to make of such a passage ?  either it's a typo and he means 1958 ,  or ,  as i heartily suspect ,  he doesn't have a grasp on his subject .   on page 9 coleman suggests henry  " kissinger's role in destabilizing the united states by three wars ,  the middle east ,  korea ,  and vietnam is well known .  .  .  "  however ,  kissinger ,  working at harvard from 1948 ,  had no role in the u . s .  government until the 1960's ,  working for the kennedy administration .   the korean war ,  as we are all aware ,  occured in 1950 ,  and ended long before kissinger had any influence on american foreign policy .   if it were true that kissinger had an influence on the united states' policy in korea ,  for example ,  then coleman would be wise to address that issue at this point in his text .  however ,  he only leaves us with the cryptic  " is well known "  .  it is definitely not well known ,  and coleman is just fooling those readers who think that a book which is difficult to read or which is discussing difficult subjects must be true .these are just a few of the inconsistencies that i could check in a short time that coleman throws out at you .  if you're not a careful reader ,  you'll be tricked into accepting some really ridiculous ideas .   if you prefer speculation to reason ,  then by all means gorge yourself in the sickly sweet nectar of  " what ifs "  .  if you're looking for something based on reality ,  then ,  rider ,  pass by
mailer tells us a lot we don't want to know about .  it's the gloomy long tale of an egocentric writer's acceptance of the ups and downs of his metier .  he gives his biased opinions on things he knows and things he doesn't know about .  all the negative aspects of his persona are laid out .  still ,  it must have taken some bravery to lay out some of them .  or else he needed the money .  truth sells ,  even if it is a very mediocre unfocused book ,  and quite un-useful .  it should have been titled &quot ; me and my books ,  some thoughts on me and my writing&quot ;
while i found the writing style good and the information interesting ,  the actual diet was unrealistic ,  too restrictive and lacking fun basics that make other diets tolerable .  i found myself longing for spices  ( how bad could pepper really be ?  )  and questioning the validity of their restriction .  i couldn't stand the ground-up flax seeds in my cranberry cocktail - the texture reminded me of trying to drink mud with little bugs in it  ( or what i imagine that to be )  .i'm not writing this to disparage anyone from trying the diet - if you can handle the restrictions and you have the self-control required ,  you might find this diet doable and rewarding .  i tried the fat flush with a group from work - inspired by one woman who is able to do the flush again and again every year  ( she always gains the weight back )  .  the rest of us ,  while successful for varying degrees of short periods ,  found the diet unrealistic for any long-term results - all of us gained the weight back and spurred by instant weight loss ,  some even picked up worse habits than they began with .the funny thing is i found much of the health information useful or interesting ,  but i got rid of the book b/c sitting on my shelf it reminded  me of unrealistic goals and failure - not what i want out of a get-healthy  plan .i'm writing this review so that others don't get sucked in by all of the positive reviews hoping for lasting results - 3 of us didn't have any
having patronized boulevard all but twice ,  i still feel the need to write a review .   you have to understand that those of us  " back east "  think that california food is understated and so easy .    now not being a huge chef myself ,  but cooking a bit and doing some experimentation and emulation of real chef's recipes  ( my fave restaurants being of course ,  boulevard ,  and back east ,  2941 ,  le tire bouchon ,  maestro ,  citronelle dc ,  galileo ,  inn at little washington ,  etc .  )  .   i have no clue where i'd get some of the ingredients in this cookbook ,  other than maybe the san francisco ferry building's fabulous farmer's market  ( another real sf treat !  )  .   but to be real ,  we have to sometimes improvise on ingredients .   do what you can with what you have locally and you might be surprised .   now i was spoiled with a fabulous waiter at boulevard who asked the chef to let me know what was in one of the recipes and i have her handwriting -- just ingredients ,  no measurements .   and yes ,  i've been able to improvise ,  and her very treasured scribe is in my own personal collection of  " recipes .  "    but nothing is better than going to the restaurant .    cookbooks are fab and fun ,  but getting the realy cooked food directly from the professionals  ( herselves )  are even more exciting .   buy this book even just for the photographs ,  as i've never been in a more well-decorated and well-thought-out restaurant .   if only i didn't live on the east coast !
this book was a complete waste .   it was boring to read and hard to follow .   i finished the book just see how it ended and hoping to clear up the confusion .   i never should have read past the first chapter .   read pop goes the weasle ,  or lake house by patterson .   just not this book .   it is hard to believe it is written by the same author
spend your money elsewhere .  for someone who supposedly lives in the vicinity of yellowstone he knows and sees little .  to anyone who steps outside of the sealed up world of their car and even casually looks ,  the senses are all brought to life with sights sounds ,  smells ,  temperatures ,  textures and colors .   cahill does not inform .  he is not even a very good writer ,  for if he were ,  he'd do the same thing i did ,  huck the book into the trash .  go to yellowstone yourself and hang out the windows of your car and even that simple pleasure will tell you how inadequate this book really is .
inspired by his uncle ,  eddie ,  who worked at an amusement park ,  albom writes a well-coordinated tale of people who connect here and in the afterlife ,  which is described by him as a very materialistic ambience .  the concept is old :  a better life beyond and a reason for the people with whom you cross paths .  there are concepts to be learned from the five people .  the story is delightful and cavalier .trish new ,  author of the thrill of hope and south state street journal
the word atlas is misleading as there is alot of text accompanying the various maps .  some pages are nothing but text .  i expect an atlas to use maps to explain more rather than words .  the maps that are in the book are good ,  but numerous sections do not have one .the book is split into sections/topics written by individual persons .  however ,  in many sections the text ends in mid-sentence ,  as if several pages were forgotten about in each section or as if there was some arbitrary cutoff on the # of words per section .of this approx 200 page book ,  sentence cutoffs appear on these pages .  each page also represents the end of a section .p . 37 , 55 , 63 , 82 , 89 , 96 , 115 , 141 , 149 , 163 ,  and 175clearly ,  not just a simple oversight .also ,  the table of contents is inadequate ,  as it primarily denotes the major sections - which is by ocean ,  but not the individual topics .i give this 2 stars  ( rather than 1 )  as the idea is good ,  and the content that is in the book - looks good .  execution is another story .  frankly ,  i would be a embarassed by the editing and quality control oversights
what a disastrously bad and unfunny novel .   the self-involved main character is pathetic and whiny ,  the  " plot "  is see-through and cliched ,  and the writing style is far below what can be found on any mediocre blog .when people criticize chick lit ,  this is exactly the kind of book they're talking about .   it's shallow to such a shocking degree than when it tries to take itself seriously ,  or stretches for a literary flourish ,  it's absolutely cringe-worthy .   i find it hard to believe the people who've praised it here actually read the same book .this was given to me by an acquaintance shortly after my engagement .   she said she didn't really like it but thought it would be  " more my kind of thing .  "   obviously not a person who knows me well .   thankfully ,  it doesn't appear the author is terribly prolific ,  so readers don't need to worry about trying to stumble through page after page of show-offy navel-gazing .i wouldn't say it's one of the worst books i've read ,  but it's certainly one of the most useless
&#65279 ; millennials rising is the latest book in the generational series by the authors william strauss and neil howe ,  focusing this time on the generation born after x .for those not already familiar with the authors' theory ,  strauss and howe are two authors who began writing about generations in 1991 .  they wrote the book generations ,  which introduced a theory that generations fall into four re-cycling types ,  and each type comes of age during a different kind of era ,  or  " turning "  .  the silent generation is of the  " adaptive "  type ,  for instance ,  passive ,  gentle ,  and in tune with their emotions ,  and came of age during the golden age of postwar america .  the baby boomers ,  remembered for their  " awakening "  in the 1960s ,  are of the  " idealist "  type ,  concerned with god and spirituality and impassioned about what they believe in ,  but inclined to change during life  ( from hippie to the current  " just say no "  control freak )  .  generation x ,  which they named the thirteenth generation ,  is of the  " reactive "  type ,  being alienated ,  street-smart and materialistic ,  without a feeling of need to be  " loyal "  to anything ,  coming of age during the 1980s and 1990s .  they then first identified everyone born since 1982 as the  " millennial generation "  ,  and predicted back in 1991 that it would be grow up to be optimistic ,  hard-working and clean-cut ,  just like the g . i .  generation that fought world war ii ,  going back to the  " civic "  type generation before the silent generation .  in 1993 they published the book thirteenth gen ,  which specialized in generation x and why they are the way they are .  in their third book ,  the fourth turning ,  they went back to the whole theory and writing about all the generations .  they also changed the archetype names from adaptive ,  idealist ,  reactive and civic to artist ,  prophet ,  nomad and hero .  strauss and howe wrote in this book about an upcoming era of epic battle and mass destruction ,  much like the one in which the g . i .  generation came of age .  they then predicted the millennial generation would form the role of heroes during the coming crisis ,  and they would lower teen pregnancy rates ,  stop using drugs ,  serve the united states ,  in uniform even ,  and desist with using profanity .so then in 2000 they put out this book ,  millennials rising .  in this one the authors try to explain the millennial generation  ( my generation )  .  millennials rising attempts to identify who we ,  the most ethnically diverse generation in american history as they note ,  are .  in millennials rising they write about this generation's boomer parents and their influence on the millennial generation ,  as well as the kind of world in which this generation is growing up  ( which s&h think of as hundreds of television channels ,  suv lifestyles ,  rappers who swear ,  and people who smack each other on tv )  .  the book states that millennials want to work together in teams ,  believe the people in authority know more about right and wrong than they do ,  are enthusiastic about learning and going to school ,  are loved and protected by their parents ,  achieve great things in school and will achieve great things in the future ,  and lest we forget ,  always want to exude that  " positive peer pressure "  on their fellow millennials .the obviously leads to the question ,  then ,  is the generation really optimistic ,  hard-working and clean-cut just as they say ?  consider this :  only 28% of high school seniors say that the work they get assigned at school is  " meaningful "  ,  only 21% describe their courses as  " interesting "  and still barely over a third ,  39% ,  believe that what they do in school will have any relation to their success later in life .  the generation was supposed to be enthusiastic about learning .  the millennial generation also rapidly increased drug use ,  especially pot ,  from the level at which generation x was using them in its teens ,  as even the authors themselves note .s&h portray the world of edgy entertainment ,  such as television shows ,  movies and music ,  as a zoroastrian battle .  in popular music ,  for instance ,  artists are described by extremes that either represent the alleged millennial values or go actively against them -- on one side ,  artists like eminem ,  limp bizkit and marilyn manson ,  on the other ,  boy bands and britney spears and her imitators ,  along with such second-tier bands as the s club 7 .  they do not deal with the millennial interest in bands that lie somewhere in between the two .  for instance ,  blink-182 is just about the biggest band around now ,  and yet millennials rising does not mention blink-182 and the many young fans who make the band a success .  south park :  bigger ,  longer ,  uncut is the authors' idea of where popular culture is today .  millennials rising heralds boy bands as what music will increasingly be like as the current decade unfolds ,  and blasts the  " edgy "  bands as groups that will be washed away ,  but could the authors have predicted bands like good charlotte or artists like avril lavigne ?this leads to the bigger question of whether the book and the theory will be able to predict anything .  s&h write about  " rebelling by being better "  during the present decade .  apparently ,  their idea of rebellion is not listening to limp bizkit ,  blasting censorship ,  or doing illegal drugs ,  but wearing preppy clothes ,  waiting until marriage to have sex ,  and trusting their government .  according to them ,  we should expect to see millennials petitioning for policies that will punish their own peers .  s&h write that we will accept the draft and join the military in great numbers when the crisis presents us with a war ,  and even do national service .  frankly ,  can anyone imagine any more than 20% of today's high school students doing their duty and risking their life in war in the name of america ?  also ,  our generation has done nothing to make a commitment to following bush as leader during the iraq war ,  while s&h predict millennials serving their president .  how suited to a hero generation is that ?  the g . i .  generation followed fdr so blindly they had to print his campaign materials in braille .  when it comes to rallying around their president and leading the direction of the nation during a crisis ,  millennials have surely disappointed those who expected them to do just as the authors said we would .  this ,  of course ,  does not have to be a bad thing ,  but it does make you wonder about the limitations of the predictive abilities of the theory .some parts of it make for very interesting reading ,  but all the talk about how they are to be the  " next great "  generation gets to you sometimes .  s&h seem to believe you can never think too big about those millennials .  millennials rising presents an image of youth that is set to amaze you and will attract readers ,  but sometimes what the book describes just isn't happening
for decades ,  many male professors have made the same excuses for sexual exploitation of their students--to the fury of feminists .   to read a feminist using the same rationalizations is both nauseating and infuriating
i've read all of nevada barr's anna pigeon books and enjoyed every one of them until i reached hard truth .  after writing so many intellligent ,  suspenseful stories ,  barr has joined what seems to be an open competition among mystery writers to see who can come up with the most despicable crime .  murder's not nasty enough ?  how about the murder of children ?  still not gruesome enough ?  add incest/rape/torture .  .  . you get the picture .ostensibly such books are meant to give the reader insight into the minds of evil villains ,  but really ,  who cares ?  the kind of evil depicted in these books is not just disgusting but banal .  it's like bad language in humor--in general ,  it's just a cover for bad writing .in hard truth ,  barr outdoes all of the competition for sheer nastiness ,  in the process leaving out the features that make her other books so enjoyable :  the charm and intelligence of her main charcter ,  the well-reasoned defense of nature ,  the lush descriptions of each story's setting .  i found this book neither enlightening nor remotely enjoyable .  i give it two stars for an interesting but largely wasted character  ( a recently paralyzed ice climber )  ,  but otherwise i'm sorry i spent my time and money on it
a book on the theme of having the courage to deepen family ties .   that's a good theme .   however ,  the author can't leave well enough alone .   he really goes after people without kids as though they all ,  regardless of their circumstances ,  remind him of his former self :   someone with too much cynicism and cowardice to raise a family even though that's obviously the  " only "  way to become a complete person .each chapter introduces a family and a crisis .   the people ,  who range from southern americans to turkish muslims to protestant irish in belfast ,  are terrific .but the author goes off the deep end on page 47 :    " now there are cities full of professional women and men who wholeheartedly echo this feeling  [ not wanting children ]  .   they go around saying things like i'm too selfish to be a mother ,  or i'm not a baby person ,  or my favorite ,  i love my life too much to do that to it .   a friend of mine calls them the petrified forest - people who would freeze their life in time if they could .   'manhattan's turning into a petrified forest , ' my friend mocked .   i  [ bronson ]  winced when she said this ,  because i used to be one of them .   when the petrified forest imagines parenthood ,  their hearts are flooded with the feeling of doors closing ,  not opening  .  .  .  in our society today ,  parenthood is on trial .  "well ,  hardly .   bronson is making a lot of assumptions about childless people .   everyone doesn't need to have a baby just because bronson found it a refreshing alternative to preserving his immaturity .   i'm all for individuals pursuing the particular life that makes them happy ,  but they should never push their specific solution upon the rest of us .   in conclusion ,  read this book if you want to ,  but be aware of the bias .
this fourth installment of becky's trying tribulations is the worst .  the qualty has plummeted from passable fun to total embarrassment .  i don't understand how kinsella's editor didn't draw the line  ( and the red pencil )  at the litany of shopping expeditions .  and her endless ,  excrutitating 'inner' reflections .  becky's exploits aren't amusing anymore .  her purchases on her honeymoon aren't wacky .  they're bewildering .  for a shopaholic with supposedly good taste ,  becky buys the ugliest sounding things on her travels and then flogs them all on ebay once home in england .  and oh yes ,  then she discovers a long lost sister .  that situation is about as believable as three designer wedding dresses and two weddings from the previous book .  and then bex and her sister wind up on a rock rescued by tarquin in his personal helicopter .  i am not making this up .  it's all there in the book .  and none of it is even remotely entertaining .  and now god help us ,  becky is pregnant .  aarrgggh !
.  .  .  .  you can get all three of these wacky books in one neat volume !  doesn't this hurt the bottom line at hagee ministries ?  what ,  has the pool of his mesmerized followers begun to dry up ?  it reminds me of when the band ,  kiss  ( aka kings in satan's service )  re-packaged their first three albums as  " the originals .  "  at least in that case you had an extra track of  " rock and roll all nite "  ,  assuming you already had the album  " dressed to kill .  "  on the other hand ,  maybe hagee ministries was using the kiss model ,  assuming that it wouldn't hurt to have his drivel repeated in one handy ,  compact volume of fear
sorry guys ,  i looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media .   the graphics of the book are truly beautiful .   the recipes however ,  hmmm ,   try again .   i followed a simple recipe for apple crisp and got a bad result .   i now go to respected standard cookbooks for my apple crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great .   really people ,  the recipes are not the stuff of greatness .   graphics ?  great .  photography ?  great ?   recipes ?  you have got to be kidding
while it is true that brandenburg is a tremendous photographer and the majority of photos are simply breathtaking .   i returned my copy because the datebook also contained disturbing photos of dead wildlife .   i'm very tender when it comes to wildlife ,  and while i know that death is a natural part of the life cycle ,  i am disturbed by dead wildlife and would never chose a book or datebook containing such pictures .   for anyone who is animal sensitive and dislikes any death photos ,  then this is not the book for them .   otherwise ,  i would recommend it
communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history ,  responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people .  this book  ( which started it all )  holds at least much of the blame .  communists were and still are a threat to the free world ,  and communism is a slave system .  some  " intellectuals "  actually support the tired mantras of marx's philosophy ,  whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who haven't seen enough sunlight ,  i don't know .  in any case ,  if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property ,  and is totalitarian and slave-driving  ( the government owns everything ,  including you )  .  and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up .  pol pot ,  mao ,  stalin  ( of course )  ,  etc etc .  .  . who are these people kidding
this is the book dan brown's bestseller  " the da vinci code "  is based on .  indeed ,  michael baigent et . al .  have even sued brown in court ,  charging him with plagiarizing their book .  the ideas behind  " the da vinci code "  have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians .  obviously ,  this exposure affects  " holy blood ,  holy grail "  as well .this book is methodologically flawed .  it claims that jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with mary magdalene .  but if this happened ,  there should be ancient documents telling us about it .  there are essentialy only three ancient views of jesus :  the christian ,  the judeo-christian and the gnostic .  none of them includes the notion that jesus married and had children with mary magdalene .  it simply isn't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value ,  as michael baigent does .  of course ,  a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up .  but such an argument ,  compelling as it may sound ,  is worthless to the historian ,  who must work with the real evidence ,  meager as it may be .  a claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help .  besides ,  how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets ?  very few indeed .  there is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere .  the idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused french right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously .  indeed ,  the fact that not even heretical groups like the gnostiscs claimed that jesus had sired children ,  is good evidence against the claim .  the gnostics ,  after all ,  made all kinds of peculiar statements .  but not this one .  why ?why are books like  " holy blood ,  holy grail "  and  " the da vinci code "  so popular ?  perhaps they say what many people want to hear .  that in itself is somewhat damning ,  i think .  for how many people want to hear the truth ?
this was another pinker book i couldn't finish .  if he was a taxi-driver he would take you from brooklyn to new york via san francisco .  sometimes even his asides have asides !  perhaps like pulp fiction writers he gets paid by the word
not sure this is the book to study for the pmp .  agree that its missing the tools techniques and concepts but he made it clear up front he was not going into it .  also ,  the intergration knowledge area is missing .  i think if he went into the format of the exam  ,  it would really serve its purpose better .read this after you have read the pmbok and another real pmp exam prep book !  this is great to read the day before for leisure with no pressure
this book had a good message ,  and could have had a lasting impact on me .  but the plot was obscenely dull ,  and the middle of the book  ( gene and finny relationship )  does not seem to fit in with the rest of the book .  not recommended
this book sucks very badly !  as soon as i was on the second page i threw it in the fire place !  !
this book is simply horrible .  repetitive dialogue and situations .  characters that just make you groan and roll your eyes .i've read two by this author and she's just awful .  both books used the same lines over and over again .  the stories chased their tails in circles half the time .  dull ,  repetitive and annoying .
the biblical and creator references in this book are overwhelming .  i thought i was buying a book about knitting ,  but found the references too distracting to be able to focus on her knitting instructions .
this is a great book if you have the right teacher .  the book is very informative yet if you have no back ground in abnormal psych you might want to make sure the teacher for your course is capable of explaining it to you .  i also recomend that you make sure your copy has a cd rom .  the study guide and website are great tools too .  they help a lot
how the other half lives was written over a century ago as an expose' of the appalling living conditions in the tenements of new york city .  the author speaks with a crusader's zeal and with so much detail that the reader can visualize these tenements ,  these streets ,  and these people as if they were living today .  this is a grim and moving portrayal of the lives of the men ,  the women and the children that inhabit these loathsome neighborhoods of new york city in the late 1800s .   he so graphically describes the filth ,  the sunless and airless rooms ,  the crowding ,  and the starvation that these places palpably exist for the reader and bring a chill to any heart .   riis has a genuine concern for the tenement situation and understands these people's plight .  his pictures are touching and meant to vividly show their misery .  he ,  for the most part ,  blames the money-hungry landlords for these crowded conditions :   " how shall the love of god be understood by those who have been nurtured in sight only of the greed of man .  "   ( p .  266 )  .  he laments that the tenement is three quarters responsible for the misery of the poor .  then ,  after his extensive discourse ,  he offers three concrete cures for these dreadful conditions ,  something that many authors forget when they are enlightening readers .riis states his purpose for writing this book himself on page 297 when he says ,   " if this book shall have borne ever so feeble a hand in garnering a harvest of justice ,  it has served its purpose .  "  the author apparently succeeded with his purpose ,  because in the flyleaf of this book the publisher tells us :   " this book helped bring about new revisions in the housing codes of the major u .  s .  cities .  "how does this book relate to adult education ?  by moving chronologically from the founding of america to the slums of nyc in the 1800s ,  are we to understand that education took a back seat to the accumulation of money during those hundred years ?  certainly riis posits that education is one of the solutions to this problem while at the same time implying that wealth accumulation and the lack of education has been the cause of this problem .    " thus the whole matter resolves itself once more into a question of education ,  all the more urgent because these people are poor ,  miserably poor almost to a man .  "   ( p .  147 )  .  he does not forget that this  " education "  is not only for the poor people ,  but also for the wealthy landlords .   " clearly ,  it is a matter of education on the part of the landlord no less than the tenant .  "   ( p .  270 )  .  riis' almost missionary language exhorts us to never allow greed to override a compassion for humanity .    " it is a fight in which eternal vigilance is truly the price of liberty and the preservation of society .  "   ( p .  233 )  .  the relation of this book to the other units of study in this course could be explained as an example of how low mankind can descend if education is not considered one of the major cornerstones of a society .although this book was exhaustive in its detail ,  it was easy to read while at the same time enlightening .  i found myself enjoying the ranting tone and the fascinating lists of neighborhoods and the labels that riis used for the different races .  in a sense it reads like a ginsberg poem ;  constantly hitting the reader with melodious lists of places and people from another era .  read these geographic names out loud and feel their rhythm :jewtown ,  bandit's roost ,  double alley ,  the bowery ,  the bloody sixth ward ,  the fourth ,  fifth and tenth wards ,   blindman's alley ,  the bend ,  the battery ,  little italy ,  the french quarter ,  hell's kitchen ,  the west side ,  bottle alley ,  frog hollow ,  poverty gap ,  murderer's alley ,  gotham court ,  the old brewery ,  old africa ,  potter's field ,  blackwell's island asylum ,  rogues' gallery ,  penitentiary row ,  chinatown .  the list goes on .  to someone reared in rural america ,  this chant sounds like a song about another country .riis also has something to say about all the races of people that live in the tenements of new york city :chinaman  ( he can't be taught )  ,   ( chinese  ( coolie--laundry business )  ,  polish jew  ( coops himself up in his den with his thermometer at boiling )  ,  russian jew ,  jew  ( money is their god )  ,  bohemian  ( poor ,  but thrifty )  ,  blacks  ( like to gamble ,  but they are clean )  ,  greek ,  hebrews  ( tailors ,  all of them )  ,  dutchman ,  irish  ( like to drink and have expensive funerals )  ,  german  ( order loving )  ,  swiss ,  pasquales ,  russian ,  italian  ( a born gambler ;  lighthearted and gay )  ,  swamp angel  ( thieves )  ,  street arabs  ( army of homeless boys )  ,  tramps and toughs  ( the world owes them a living )  , and the celtics .  i was enthralled by the street lingo and the colloquialisms and riis' comments about every race .i noticed one interesting similarity between the late 1800s and the present day .  riis says that the gap between the social classes is widening everyday .  i hear people talking about the growing differences between the rich and the poor often these days .  does every generation think that is happening in their time ?not only should this book be used by people researching new york city`s tenements ,  but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change .  it is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity .
jesus ,  talk about the little girl crying  " wolf .  "  when i picked up this book ,  i expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with .  what i got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption .the book starts out promisingly ,  even if preston surrenders freely to flowery prose .  we're given the account of charles monet ,  one of the first documented cases of the ebola virus .  from there on ,  preston gives a description of the virus ,  what it does ,  how it does it - the works .  then ,  he moves on to the human component ,  the cast of characters ,  so to speak ,  for the big story .the big story is ,  alas ,  not so impressive .  it's a case of an ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about ,  but nothing of the sort happens .  basically ,  people run around in bio-hazard gear ,  fret a lot ,  and monkeys die .  in between ,  preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the ebola virus ,  cases of people being infected ,   " crashing and bleeding out ,  "  cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys ,  unless you're a peta type .the worst thing about the hot zone is just how self-indulgent preston is .  he starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book ,  which is a noble idea ,  but not when they don't die at the end .  basically ,  he's trying to make you care about these people ,  and all for naught .  and by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned ,  you actually want them to die ,  because you're tired of hearing about him describe ,  in active detail ,  what they eat in the morning ,  what they do in the afternoon ,  and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night .  when you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a level 4 virus ,  why are you spending time talking about nancy jaax's hands and karate prowess ?  moreover ,  when you've finally gotten to the monkeys ,  why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild ?  does anyone really care ?i wish i could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis ,  but i can't .  preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary ;  he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions ,  but he instead chose to  " get into the minds "  of his subjects .  and what a bore that became .  there were only two redeeming aspects of this book :  one was the description of the african ,  human ebola victims ,  and the other was the description of the virus itself ,  although ,  again ,  both were sabotaged by preston's inability to write .if you want to know something about ebola ,  go get an idiot's guide to dangerous diseases and epidemics .  if you're pining for the namby-pambiness of the human element ,  read the hot zone .  personally ,  i like to avoid rereading the uncle tom's cabins of scientific accounting
this book is so densely packed with miniscule details and examples that the information's significance becomes blurred ,  if not obsolete .   the authors show they are very knowledgable on the subject ,  but they fail to analyze the information they present .   the reader is left to interpret the meaning of details and ponder why they are included .   the authors also use repetitive examples that become tiring and ineffective .   the only minutely important information is presented in the topic sentences of each paragraph ,  and the book can be reasonably well understood just by reading the introductory sentences .   while this book could be a treasure house for someone researching the relationship between manors and their respective villages ,  the average reader's attention is never captured .   students ,  beware !   before embarking on an excruciatingly dull explaination of medieval village life ,  reconsider your other options of reading material .   ( one option is another book by these authors that has gotten better reveiws .
i enjoyed the plot and the characters -- it was very funny .   but there were too many grammar mistakes in the book ,  which i found too irritating and distracted from the book .   some conversations did not flow logically --  one person would answer herself ,  which didn't make sense .   also ,  the author  switches from 1st person to 3rd person with the character of nickel .   and  she used 'to' instead of 'too . ' as a former copy editor and english major ,   this was very distracting !   but overall ,  a great book .   i plan on getting  the next 2
this is probably one of the hardest books i have ever read--with no background in either philosophy or cybernetics ,  much of what hayles discusses is just plain incomprehensible .   i also found it difficult to accept the idea of humans already being &quot ; post-human . &quot ;   if you are interested in deep philosophical writings on technology and the human condition ,  with links to literature ,  read this .   if you don't really care about the post-human ,  skip it
as i was reading this book ,  i came across many poems that were far too sexually explicit for my taste ,  to name a few :    " the first ,  "   " early images of heaven "  and  " full summer .  "   i found these poems to be highly offensive ,  and improper for the general audience .had i been warned of the book's sexually explicit content ahead of time ,  i would not have read it .   i believe that it should be so marked on the cover so potential readers know what they aregetting into
i was not expecting this book to be a sunday afternoon photo shoot for reanactors .  it lacks reality and substance . i returned this book out of disapointment . seeing the same faces in every picture but in diffrent uniforms takes a lot away from this book .  however ,  the color photos were nice .  better luck next time but a a for effort
pros :  1 .  john corey is still a funny ,  memorable character .cons :  1 .  very little suspense .  the author's use of a doomed character's point of view--switching to third person--to tell the reader all of the hows and whys of the main villain's dr .  evil-esque plan  (  " fire the nuke !  "  )  .  then ,  after we know everything ,  we get plopped back into the first-person ,  investigative head of corey ,  who doesn't yet have the story solved .  the result is predicatable and tedious .2 .  the don't-look-behind-the-curtain  ( gratuitous ?  )  use of the ted nash character ,  who makes a brief appearance at the end .  .  . despite having died in nightfall .  .  . and ,  uh ,  the lion's game .  why is ted's appearance so brief here ?  well ,  he admits to screwing ms .  mayfield .  naturally ,  ms .  mayfield opens fire and fills ted with bullets .  presumably ,  ted's dead for good now .3 .  the politics of demille's novels has been present in other books ,  but it's never been this catty .  why is the nuke kook a right-winger ?   ( hey ,  why not ?  )  i should have known when the jacket cover said the book  " will challenge you to question everything you thought you knew about your leaders and your country .  "  the only thing this book has made me question is how anyone can seriously be more worried about conservatives nuking l . a .  and san francisco than the real terrorists out there .  .  . the ones who want to slit throats and post the footage on the web .4 .  continuity problems from how the last book ,  nightfall ended .  .  . corey and his wife seem way too disaffected by it all .  yep ,  they are bothered by 9/11 ,  but they are both working their same jobs ,  apparently having gotten over the whole sickening coverup  ( witnessed via videotape )  that the  " accident "  of the twa flight 800 was really caused by a missile .  there is passing reference to this ,  but not much .  apparently ,  a guy like corey doesn't do much soul searching .  he just keeps going to work .  in realilty ,  it's hard not to notice that demille still doesn't know how to deal with the storytelling hole he got himself in with the last book .corey is really all this book has going for it .  and ,  while in his capable hands the world will be saved from kooky nuclear schemes from kooky republicans ,  he can't save this book .i think i'm done with demille ,  for better or for worse
if you are interested in learning about the *actual* science of food ,  but don't want to learn any science ,  at least read a book by someone who *did* learn it .   there is so much grossly erroneous information in this book that he discredits himself entirely .    " oil is more dense than water-- and that's why it can be heated to higher temperatures than 212 "  .   as a chemist and formulator i can assure you that nearly all oil is lighter than water ,  and even if it weren't that's *not* the reason it has a higher boiling point .   ever make oil & vinegar salad dressing ?   ever seen crude oil on the ocean ?   how about the funk on top of old greasy dish water ?   folks ,  oil floats on water .  .  .  and the earth is not flat .   either this guy is a complete moron ,  or he is a very clever con artist .   either way ,  save your money .  .  .  and buy that blind amish author's book  " semiconductor microengineering for dummies "  instead .   it's better researched
this book is not very helpful and confusing to use .  a lot of the information it provides is information you can read on the food labels if you buy those brands .
my friend's and i will pass books back and forth to each other to read if they are good .  my friend was going to throw this one out instead of passing it along ,  but since i have a dog ,  i thought it would be interesting ,  but it wasn't ,  so i had the honor of throwing it out myself .typically ,  i would donate the book or give it to charity ,  but i don't think anyone would enjoy it .  it's just this author's drivel .  it doesn't focus on the president's and their pets at all like the title suggests .i could see where another author could have created a really fun book about presidents and their dogs .
the most disappointing thing about the news from paraguay is the beginning ,  and not precisely because is a bad one ,  but because in the first chapters of lily tuck national prize awarded novel ,   there's a hint that  could have been better than it turn out to be .so i confess that  for a few pages  ( those that engage a reader with a book )  i found  charming the decimononic  story of ella lynch ,  a beautiful widow living in paris well beyond her means .  that even when  ella decided to follow hairy franco -a paraguayan stud- not because his looks ,  not even for this foolish thing called love ,  but because  he smelled like luxury and power in a faraway land ;  i still found it a joyable read ,   but right when she arrived to her privileged life of   " querida "   of the most powerful man in paraguay and began to have one baby after another in tumultuous times ,   the news from paraguay became boring and i began to skip entire paragraphes until i got to a previsible end .based on true facts ,  the life of a paraguayan dictator and his irish  mistress ;  tuck ,  who confessed that she never went and wasn't interested in ever going to paraguay  ( i think she finally did )  can't even get the spanish names right :  mauel ,  instead of manuel ,  rosaria ,  instead of rosario ;  iez ,  instead o ins .  what's the deal with the  ?maybe i lost something in my not so good english ,  but i still can't get why ,   a so so novel like the news from paraguay ,  can win a national prize
after some years in the ic design business  ( mostly analog )  i needed to teach a course on asicss .  this book was the text specified by my predecessor .  i did not like the book ,  and eventually read the weste and harris book in its 3rd edition .  wolf is not nearly as clear ,  complete and logically organized as weste and harris - no comparison
i was drawn to this book by the promise of experiencing or gaining familiarity with a new part of paris ,  a city i have visited often .   the book fell far short of that .   it left me disappointed and longing for what i had missed .   it was difficult to connect with or enter into the story primarily  because the author failed to portray a personal intimacy with the subject .  as an example ,  she tells us that moving within paris was a bigger event than imagined but the description lacked emotional depth .  where were her feelings ,  little experiences ,  failings ,  successes ,  reactions .  overall ,  the author proved she has knowledge but does not know how to share it .
i liked most of jo beverly's books .   in fact ,  she is one of my favorite romance writers .   that's why it's hard to believe she could write something so boring and contrived .   the premise -- saving an opium addict--- is good .   one could expect a lot of turmoil between the lovers .   but no -- it's all pretty smooth .  the passion is tepid and not much else happens .   a series of  " rogues "  from previous books is paraded before the reader without really adding to the story .   and the conversations are so boring that i simply had to skip them .   i guess this may be enjoyable to new romance readers who do not know better or hard core beverly fans
bill o'reilly has a good reason for his massive paranoia :   somewhere ,  deep in the recesses of his brain ,  he knows something's wrong .   only he's got it backwards :   the  " secular progressives "  are doing just fine ,  but he's the one with the serious problem .   here's a guy who had to pay millions of bucks to settle a sexual harassment suit ;  yet ,  he's proclaiming himself the arbiter of the correct ,   " traditional "  point of view .   only in an era of the stupid ,  undereducated and witless would bill o'reilly have a modest role to play .   save your money
wow ,  i was expecting a fun ,  light read ,  and in the first chapter already had to skim over a couple of paragraphs relating to  " mishaps "  that happen to animals in zippy's life .  well ,  i thought ,  next chapter will be better .  not .  the next chapter included a graphic scene of chickens being slaughtered by shovels !  every chapter so far has had something very disturbing about animals in it !  if you are sensitive to these things ,  i would not recommend the book .  i'm not sure i'm going to finish it at this rate .  granted ,  i am super-sensitive to any animal suffering ,  but this is really overload .  i'm halfway through and so far this is the list :  the aforementioned chicken slaughter ,  a neighbor stealing her cat and starving it in the basement ,  another neighbor looking to poison her cat ,  dog-sitting for friends and losing the dog and not worrying about it that much and finding him dead days later ,  her father going out with a shotgun to kill the dogs who massacred zippy's pet chicken ,  joking about a neighbor enjoying  " puppy stew "  ,  keeping her two dogs penned up ,  torturing a raccoon by holding in front of 30 braying hounds .  .  .  .  i mean ,  does that seem like a lot to you ?  ?  ?  for a light-hearted  " tender "  memoir ?  ?  ?  ?  jeez louise !  i can't sleep at night from this book
i found this book very boring .  tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but i kept waiting for something to happen .  poor maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a properamerican .  i will read another of her books since she is so well thought of
mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend's death .i am a great fan of nora roberts and really looked forward to this book .   believe me ,  it is not one of her best .i started off admiring her setting and characterization of the hale family ,  but ,  then ,  this went on way too long .   it also took way too long to get to the real story .  the middle of the book bogged down to the point that i had to make myself keep reading ,  which is very unusual for nora roberts .much of the plot was over the top unbelievable .   how many boyfriends of one person can be killed ?   the 20 year mystic connection with bo doesn't quite come off ,  either .i'll certainly remain a great fan of roberts ,  but no one's perfect ,  i guess .
my all time favorite book is deavers the blue nowhere and the testament by another author .   i think this book is on the bottom of my list .   it was a combo term paper and novel .   i wonder where the editor of this book is .   where was he/she ?   it read like it was written by two different people and a poor editor combined them .don't worry jeff ,  i'll still buy your next book .  .  . i've bought them all but please  .  .  . get a second opinion about your editor .  i good editor wouldn't have let it go out in this shape .
and i suspect this is what has happened to james lee burke .   the dave robicheaux series has been floundering sadly for several books now - and that is tragic ,  considering the promise of the early books ,  which peaked in the hauntingly beautiful in the electric mist with confederate dead .i grew up in southern louisiana ,  and burke captures a culture that many people have no experience of .   but the series is becoming repetitive and stale ,  culminating in this book ,  which is just awful .   burke's characters ,  with the exception of the always funny and touching cletus purcell ,  are wearing thin and becoming less and less sympathetic .   dave robicheaux becomes more priceless and preachy in each novel .   his anti-alcohol tirades would make any prohibition era preacher proud .burke has fallen into a trap of using the same imagery and phrasing again and again ,  and it makes the reader wonder if he isn't cutting and pasting entire paragraphs repeatedly .   if i read one more time in a burke book that leadbelly strung his twelve stringed guitar in octaves ,  i will be sick  ( hey ,  mr .  burke ?   twelve stringed guitars have always been strung that way ,  leadbelly didn't invent that tuning ,  okay ?  )   if i read the word  " phallus "  in a sex scene in one of burke's books one more time ,  i think i will just give up .   the phrases are getting old - really old .   the preaching about political corruption and alcohol got old many books ago .one thing to be thankful about in this abysmal wreckage of what was once a great series - bootsie ,  dave robicheaux's wife ,  is dead ,  though that doesn't keep her out of the story .   but at least the reader is spared another element that has been repeated to death - the moment in every book with bootsie in it where she gets up in the night ,  angry with dave ,  and goes to sleep on the couch .   i've had bets with other readers as to what page bootsie will do this inevitable stunt  ( which then opens up the opportunity for another sex scene with the  " phallus "  when they kiss and make up )  in each burke novel where she is a character .   thankfully ,  also ,  alafair ,  dave's adopted daughter ,  is far away at college ,  and we are spared her teenaged brattiness which became tedious in the earlier books and yet another repetition of the story of how dave came to adopt her ,  which is included in every book since the introduction of the alafair character .it's time for mr .  burke to let the series go .   it's a travesty of its former self .   reading this book is like visiting a relative who has lost their mind to dementia - you see a hollow ,  nearly unrecognizable shell of a formerly vital and beloved person .   it's painful
aside from the 1958 championship game and the 1968 super bowl ,  the actual football games got very short shrift .  the 1964 championship game didn't even get a mention !  whole years are virtually ignored .  very ,  very little discussion of unitas' career and his impact on the game :  mostly just anecdotes about family ,  friends ,  and teammates ,  and way too much space devoted to post-mortem comments from same .  i think i learned way more about johnny sample and gino marchetti and jim parker from this book than i learned about unitas .  and that's not saying much .  there's a lot of padding in this book but precious little information .  and a lot of the anecdotes will be familiar if you're a football fan .  wait for the paperback if you're a unitas devotee ;  otherwise don't bother .
it still amazes me that anyone takes gould seriously .  he is an admitted marxist ,  and he allows his social beliefs to influence science .  that is not science .  science is a dispasionate search for the truth .  i get the feeling reading this book that gould doesn't like what the truth is ,  so he wants to shape the way we see the truth .  they used to do that in the middle ages when it started to look like the earth revolved around the sun .gould tries to claim that samuel george morton fudged his data on measuring skull sizes .  this is not true .  morton conducted his tests with integrity ,  and only one error was found which actually benefited the measurements of a non-caucasian group  ( kevin mcdonald ,   " culture of critique "  ,  36 )  .  general intelligence is not a  " statistical artifact "  as gould wants to promote .gould or any other scientist who wants to take darwin out of biological sciences should be viewed with extreme skepticism
this book blew my ballz .   it was possibly the worst book i have ever read in my entire life .   although i am usually sleepless in seattle ,  i found myself falling asleep each time i tried to read it .   i advise no one to ever read this godforsaken book
to cover all the problems with continuity ,  logic ,  theology ,  geography and plain common sense in _left behind_ would take a whole book .   one hardly knows where to start .perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to christian religion by this trashy novel .   as such ,  it isn't even a decent trashy novel ;  instead of steamy sex scenes ,  we get sanctimonious sermonizing .   worse than that ,  what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the bible into a cheap comic book ,  ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it's too late .the comic book aspect can not be overemphasized .   even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario  ( an idea with virtually no scriptural support )  ,  little in the characters' actions ,  thought processes or dialog rings true .   one gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student .   god ends up looking like the ultimate villain ,  demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side or else .whatever happened to the inspiring christian writers of yesteryear ?   who is the present-day equivalent of c .  s .  lewis ,  or catherine marshall ,  and why aren't they getting more attention ?   these were writers who actually made you think .   lahaye and jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing god wants us to be doing ;  they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought .   they show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask .   one wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all ,  or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter .these days ,  it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of ann coulter or pat robertson ,  whose mission seems to be to turn christianity into a twisted ,  bigoted caricature of what it once was .   perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured .   if _left behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from christian writers ,  then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind
if you haven't read anything on e-commerce at all ,  or if you're a total newbie ,  the latter half of this book may offer some useful advice on how to start an online business .  for someone who is already in the business or has already done some research ,  this book merely repeats a lot of well-known tips .  even then ,  some of the tips ,  like in section on affiliate programs ,  are just theoretical assumptions and projections with very little practical information on how to actually attract sales and traffic .as for the first part of the book where allen demonstrates how he could earn $24k in one day ,  i find it totally unrealistic and it certainly won't happen to anyone reading the book unless he has robert allen's background to begin with .  even then ,  this sort of strategy won't cut it with today's wise and cynical netizens anymore .
not very scary ,  too long ,  and poor character development .   there are a lot of good reviews about the book .   maybe i missed something
the most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content ,  but ,  based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers ,  that most people actually believe this drivel .  how can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed ?  the answer is that we cannot .  i will not bother to go through a detailed criticism ,  not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it ,  but because ,  in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in ,  no one would believe it .  today ,  the  " truth "  depends much more on one's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence .
while i enjoy adventure stories for the casual reading they are and have read all of cussler's ,  i was disturbed by a lot of the assumptions in this and other of his recent books .   this is transparently hawkish ;  an ultra-conservative defense of the questionable actions of the very furthest right of the political spectrum .    ( one could even suspect it was commissioned or at least underwritten by these elements .  )   it reflects the current culture that decrees all means justify the end - as long it benefits the right people .   cussler's recent books portray that it's okay for americans to go into other countries - with which we are not at war - and kill its citizens for some secret government agenda .   that it's okay for our us government to hire out  " black ops "  in secret because it's against our laws to do so openly .   through the years ,  i've tolerated cussler's blatant sexism ,  juvenile writing style ,  improbable exploits of cartoonish heroes .   however ,  he has veered into political territory that offends me but even more ,  terrifies me that it may be the truest part of his stories
ayelet waldman is a graduate of harvard law school ,  so i assume she's an intelligent woman and a good lawyer .  she should stick to what she knows .  the fact that she's married to a famous author doesn't make her a writer .  her novel is poorly written ,  overly sentimental and ,  to put it bluntly ,  very dumb .what's next ?  padma lakshmi writing a novel because she's married to salman rushdie ?
the work of a 12 year-old without talent .  phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy ,  inappropriate similies .  story line is absurd .  if this were koontz's first novel ,  no publisher would touch it
in today's world ,  various forms of parochialism have a dialectical relationship with the homogenizing influences of globalizing consumer capitalism .  these forms of parochialism may be ethnic ,   " cultural ,  "  religious ,  nationalistic ,  etc .  ,  depending on where you look .  on one hand ,  ancient forms of identity continue to define in-groups and out-groups ;  on the other hand ,  multinational corporations elide these differences as they operate in a wider and wider worldwide marketplace .example :  the turks and the armenians hate each other and even partly define themselves by this ancient conflict  (  " jihad "  is barber's label for this )  ;  yet they see the same pepsi ads and do the same kinds of work in their local pepsi bottling plants  (  " mcworld "  is barber's label for this )  .that's the book .this might be a useful resource for writers of term papers who need to endnote something fairly obvious .  outside of that ,  it would take an observer from another planet to find this book's insights novel or pointed .  if you're new to planet earth ,  by all means pick up a copy .  it will catch you up on a few useful truisms .as others have pointed out ,  the  " terrorism's challenge to democracy "  subtitle seems intended to capitalize on 9/11 ,  but doesn't accurately reflect the book's content .   " jihad "  is deployed as a synecdoche in this book ;  muslim extremism is just one of the book's many examples of parochialism
on the plus side ,  this book is fairly easy to understand and contains sufficient pictures of the exercises .   i was very excited at first ,  but unfortunately none of the exercises ,  massages ,  meditations ,  etc i tried seemed to help any of my health problems ,  even after a month .   the book contains inspiring stories of people who have quickly recovered from serious illness or injury ,  yet leaves me crying in disappointment .   i will probably keep trying a few of the exercises and methods for awhile ,  but i don't hold any hope of them suddenly starting to work at this point
i've read most of the books written by greg iles .  i liked them all except dead sleep ,  which by the way was much better than this one !anyway ,  despite dead sleep ,  if i see a book by this author i haven't read yet i'd grab them right away without further thinking because i enjoyed the rest of his work very much .so ,  when i bought sleep no more i was prepared to stay up all night because i was certain it would be thrilling .  wrong !the whole mallory/eve/cole/etc thing is just not believable at all even though i set my memory and imagination open as the author suggests .i still laugh when i think of the explanation of how mallory gets into another person  ( she has to have sex and have a mindblowing orgasm )  .  i should give greg iles some credit for this idea ,  a stupid one ,  but creative nonetheless .as for the characters ,  i was so appalled by the paranormal plot that i couldn't care less about any of them .  i read the quiet game and liked it ,  but the appearance of penn cage was just so blah because he's like a cameo in this book and didn't have a character development nor adds anything to this book .in conclusion ,  i would not recommend this ,  especially to those who liked other books by greg iles .nevertheless ,  i'm going to continue to purchase other books by him because i enjoyed his other works very much and strongly believe he is one of the best fiction writers .
it would take a book to answer all that is wrong with farrell's reasoning ,  but to make a few points :1 .  he implies that female 'circumcision' is much the same as male circumcision which is astounding but points to his general ignorance .  if male circumcision is about teaching males to endure pain  ( actually more about male tribal bonding )  then what on earth is a little girl being taught when she has her external genitalia cut away and is left with a tiny hole and a life-time of pain and health problems ?  ?  it's for protection ?  what ,  or whose ,  interests are being protected ?2 .  he does not acknowledge that the shorter male life-span is due to testosterone and all its consequences for males .  castration is known to increase the male life-span .  why do men even want more testosterone rather than less ?  surely illogical ?3 .  the male 'instinct' to protect females is actually to protect the bodies men need for sex and reproduction .  as more than 50 million females have been killed recently in asia simply because they were female should make us question this supposed 'instinct to protect' .  and protecting females most often translates into ownership and control .  this is a similar logic to that of men in certain cultures that use the pretext of honor to justify the murder of females .  why do women need protection form their protectors ?  men need to explain their logic here .  is it something like the protection criminal gangs provide for people against other criminal gangs ?4 .  powerless men are created by male-male competition for access to young females and again ,  the sacred testosterone drives this not women .5 .  his views on rape are ridiculous .  young human females have permanent sexual signals whether they want sex or not .  these external signals do not usually reflect the females internal desires and concerns and this causes the confusion .  men are responding to fake signals that females don't know how to override without becoming invisible altogether .6 .  this book is basically about all the hoops males try and jump through in order to rise in the male hierarchy and ultimately get their dna into numbers of females . the men who fail are the men without power .  farrell wants us to feel sorry for them which is as likely as men feeling sorry for ,  and diverting their monogamous sexual interest and resources towards ,  unnattractive old women .7 . farrell does not explain the irrationality of men rejecting and being abusive about women who don't sexually reject most men  ( ie the easy women )  at the same time as they complain about the pain of being sexually rejected so often by women .  there must be some mysterious male logic to it - perhaps situated in a fantasy world of being the only male who isn't rejected .  duplicity is clearly a male trait that farrell failed to mention .8 .  it is a suspect logic that concludes that the people who have been the lawmakers and political leaders for millennia ie males ,  have actually only been acting in the self-interest of females .  for men to have evolved a lack of self-interest is impossible .  to argue that they have is farrell's most ludicrous argument .  of course women also have self-interest ,  intimately tied to that of their children .  the very real difference is that because we evolved with a mating system where females moved to male-bonded kin groups to breed males had the advantages of size ,  kin-bonding ,  no real reproductive demands of offspring and time and cicumstances that enabled them to be the rule-makers which included the enforcement of ownership and control of females as they were exchanged between groups for breeding .  they may have felt varying amounts of power within that system and they may have felt the power of their sex needs as female power but to say that this is actually women having and exercising power is absurdly illogical and contrary to reality .  it is another fantasy to add to that of south sea island free sex and mermaids .this book is interesting for debate and as an example of male sexual frustration being blamed on women .  ultimately it is about how some men suffer trying to get sexual/reproductive access to females and might help us notice that the 'power' being defined is reproduction .in a market where the supply of sperm far outstrips the tiny market of eggs it does reduce the value of sperm and create massive competition in males and competition in females for better quality sperm and/or extras that improve the outcome for offspring .  embedded in farrell's books is the manipulative attempt to solve this by encouraging young women to 'put out' more .  it's the same old male longing for 'free' sex ie the usual reproductive behavior of male animals where post-copulatory costs are carried by females .in nature male animals experience far less or equal disposability as females when they are monogamous and concentrate more on parenting ie are symmetrical with female reproductive behavior .  can we look forward to this in the human male in the near future and solve the whole problem ?  can we expect men might consider reducing the supply ie their sex-drive/seeking multiple partners and increasing their childcare .  reduce testosterone ?  or is that blasphemy ?the new question is what do men want ?  the answer is the same as ever - sex .  the methods of trying to get it are the same even when put in a new wrapper such as farrell's ie irrationality ,  deceit and manipulation .perhaps the real myth is the myth of adult power and we should direct our anger and frustration towards our gametes ,  hormones ,  fetuses ,  infants and children that are the real reason males and females exist ,  are pulled together and driven apart .at least let's not create a new myth that the human male somehow managed to evolve a lack of self-interest .  how gullible does farrell hope we are
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  . from reading danielle steel .   here's the book :   three bachelors meet three women .   they all break up ,  they all end up happily ever after .   boring ,  not one single exciting thing about this book .   i was happy when my lunch break ended so i could go back to work and stop reading .yes - we keep reading her because we feel obligated and hope for a better book someday ,  but i think i'm at the end of my rope with danielle steel .   my librarian told me last night they aren't even going to carry any new books of hers .   that's sad
" col mike martin "  raised in iraq ,  speaks fluent arabic .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .the taliban are pashtoon ,  they are not arabs ,  they don't speak arabic ,  they don't even like arabs very much .  they are a totaly closed tribal society .  i spent a year living and working with the pashtoon in 2005 in helmand province .  there are no members of the taliban who are not pashtoon .  the other ethnic groups in afghanistan ,  the tajik and the hazara ,  are opposed to the taliban .mike martin would not have the correct family ,  clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off .sorry ,  but forsythe has dropped the ball on this one .
this is a liberal's study bible .   the study notes show the best 'modern' scholarship ,  which doubts moses wrote the first 5 books of the bible .   doubts the authorship of most of paul's epistles .   even doubts that the beloved disciple john wrote the gospel of john .believes redactionary interpretive theory is valid .   falls right in line with most modern and so called 'higher' critisim of the bible .   avoid this study bible ,  if you believe the bible is really god's word from cover to cover
i have been a fan of sue henry since her first jessie arnold mystery .   i was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure ,  but was very disappointed in this outing .   the characters were one-dimensional .   after discovering who the  " bad guys "  were i needed to reread part of the book for clarification .   sue henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters .    "  .  .  . they hadn't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours .  "   even the relationship between alex and jessie seemed stilted .   i realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher jessie arnold ,  but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little
this is the same old tired suggestions for cleaning up your clutter .   the suggestions given are to install custom made draws that double and triple pull out .   the suggestion for the pantry was to organize cans from little to big  ( duh )  and then group like items together  ( duh )  that's in every single organizing book published so this one is not different than any other .   also the other suggestion was to install a pull out swinging triple door pantry system .   oh is that affordable ?  if i had $75 , 000 to redo my kitchen i would install the fancy garbage bin that pulls out of the cabinet and the double drawer pot rack with side lid bins .   come on ,  don't waste your money on this book or it's suggestions .   very few pictures and all for the rich .   i thought good housekeeping was for the everyday family .   get it at the library and then return it after you don't read it .
leaving aside the fact that the author lied through his teeth  ( e . g .  he never actually studied hwa rang do - he offered the lee brothers some ink and they gave him a faked history )  this stuff is about as inefficient as any stick fighting book i've ever seen .  try marinas' panandata ,  mark wiley ,  the presas brothers ,  leo giron or ray galang for stick stuff .  you'll be much better off
not recommended for native speakers of the english language .when trees == forests and top-level directories are instead 'naming contexts'  .  .  .  .  the desirable format would be  " this feature ,  which ms call 'x' ,  is 'y' plain english "  ,  but instead the y feature will only ever be called x .this is not a helpful book
i read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen .   as soon as i met the character who would turn out to be the driver ,  i knew the rest of the story .   it was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing .   the story's decent .   the text flows nicely ,  and the suspension of disbelief is strong ,  but where did nick's originality go ?   where's the sweet and innocent charm of the notebook ,  a walk to remember ,  and nights in rodanthe ?   it seems like he's run out of steam ,  or didn't care too much about this one .a decent book to read ,  but don't expect anything spectacular as you would with his earlier work
this book provides nothing new .   it is centered on the whole idea of setting up your retirement accounts so they automatically deduct from your paycheck .   if you have 401k ,  duh ,  it does that automatically .  .  . anyway ,  boring .   it also says to save money ,  don't use credit cards ,  pay yourself ,  blah ,  blah ,  blah .   oh yeh ,  if you save early you will be a millionaire in like forty years .  .  . zzzz .    ok ,  it did help me by reminding me about the interest rates in banks .   one idea was to put the emergency funds in a money market account which offers a higher interest rate than a regular savings account .   upon reading this ,  i decided to do this and doing this made me realize the dismal  . 2% i've been earning on my saving account .   and not realizing the latest craze started by ing ,  all the other banks offer an  " online savings "  account which offers 5% compare to the dismal  . 2% .   i immediately switched !   other than this part of the book ,  it was boring
for someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science ,  stephen jay gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book .  gould rambles on and on ,  attacking giants of modern science like samuel morton and francis galton ,  and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own .  gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class .  gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct .  for anyone who has no knowledge of biology ,  this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science .  stephen jay gould is a paleontologist ;  evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him ,  and it would be best if he ,  as well as all other crypto-marxists who wish to blend science and politics ,  stay out of it
this book dragged on and on .   the ending was stupid and the plot was pathetic .   very similiar to the devil wears prada which was also bad .   don't waste your time on this one
congrats on your first victory in eight and a half decades
the winner and absolute  truth made me continue reading baldacci books . his last few books christmas train and split second were awful . now baldacci takes his left leaning anti american feelings and tries to shove it down our throats . that was the last money i ever spend on a baldacci book , i even threw out his good books .  shut up baldacci and write fiction books .  your ideas do not get through in this non fiction world
i bought this book on a friend's recommendation .   if i had been in a book store and could have read a page or two i would have known immediately it was not the type of book i would read .   i'm sure it's wonderful for those who like it .   i passed it on to a friend
an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery .  the chamber of secrets ,  he said ,  had been opened and a  monster is lurking .  harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster ,  challenge it and save students who have been  " petrified "  by the monster .  age group interest :  early teen .  i wanted to see what all the rave was about .  lots of action ,  not much morale .trish new ,  author of the thrill of hope ,  south state street journal
maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow .   it is the first mystery novel that i have read by a female author and i hope that it is not representative of the gender .   but ,  by the reviews here ,  all by women ,  i can see that jance writes to that crowd .   her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible .  if you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you .   it is amazing that jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue ,  the insulin bottle .   jance gives no indication that oak vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story .  do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time .   if you want a good mystery read coben ,  crais ,  patterson or michael connely
prof .  gardner's book is disappointing .  he tries to be all things to all people saying both that he believes in basic competencies but wants to put inquiry first .  also ,  his language is inflated ,  and lacking in philosopical specificity .  for example ,  he believes in building up the inner world of  " mental representations "   [ unexplained term ]  yet insists on  " performances of understanding "   [ another unexplained term ]  .also ,  he has respect for the individual learner and individual differences ,  yet he is concerned about the  " position "  or  " situation "  or social class dynamics in which the learning takes place .  thus ,  he fails to do justice either to the individual or to class ,  race ,  or gender .   the role of leadership in learning is wholly ignored ;  and responsibility is not explored .   in short ,  it is extremely difficult to pin down prof .  gardner .  it would be kind to say he is eclectic .  i hope it's just not fuzzy thinking .however ,  we can discern that he has a romantic obsession with beauty ,  truth ,  and goodness .  imagine -- the holocaust is reduced to being an illustration of what goodness is or is not !  his treatment of these ideas is superficial and banal .  i don't like to be so judgmental ,  but his writing about them does not deserve a detailed analysis .when attacking e . d .  hirsch whom he calls the main speaker for  " cultural literacy ,  "  he sets up a straw man .  he says that hirsch's school of thought has an underlying belief in the lockeian  " tabula rasa .  "  yet ,  i find nothing in hirsch's writings to indicate that he believes in a tabula rasa .further ,  is prof .  gardner really less elitist than hirsch as some have claimed ?  i have found that the harvard elite spend their entire lives trying to achieve and learn everything ,  and be on top .  their lives are marked by ambition to the nth degree ;  yet ,  he debunks time-honored and experience-honored content areas that traditionally have defined literacy at its best .  thus ,  i find a certain inherent dishonesty in gardner's presentation .believe me ,  friends ,  i have taught students who have many ideals ,  greek ideals and other ideals ,  but know very little ,  nor do they aspire to learn .  if they have those ideals ,  and if they are facile and glib ,  will they be the leaders of tomorrow who are embraced by prof .  gardner ?i find a tendency on prof .  gardner's part to oversimplify certain issues like the holocaust ,  and to overcomplicate certain others like the nature of intelligence .the world is not waiting for the concept of intelligence to be re-written .   am i oversimplifying when i think that there is something very awkward about saying that there is no fundamental difference in intelligence between einstein and the custodian of my school ?  is this awkwardness because i am an elitist putting down the custodian ?   is it because of lack of intelligence that i am still in the grip of a univocal definition of intelligence ?  i don't think so .  rather ,  we all know we are dependent on each other ,  and that everybody has some unique aptitudes or gifts they can express and be respected for ,  but trying to elevate this understanding to a higher level of truth or intellectual significance seems to me to be illegitimate .lastly ,  his writing style is a bit too fond of adjectives ,  and the book reads as a whole like it takes a village by mrs .  clinton .  the disciplined mind has a mellifluous style that presents itself as being highly sophisticated and ,  at the same time ,  as down-to-earth ,  with balanced common sense .  yet ,  ultimately ,  the book is boring .   as one amazon reviewer states ,  prof .  gardner is full of himself .in this book ,  there is no straightforward discussion or emphasis placed on knowledge ,  justice ,  judeo-christian values ,  persistence ,  responsibility ,  or character development .  .  . words which i find essential for a true philosophy of education .
i have to say i truly hated this book .  the premise sounded interesting so i decided to give it a try .   i've read all her other books in the series and found the characters to be quirky .   this time i found her usual friends and co-workers to be boring and self involved caricatures .  the groundwork was there for an interesting serial killer with complex motivation but it never developed that way .  the constant head hopping was annoying and the ending came out of nowhere .   cromwell has obviously gotten bored with her characters and it shows .   this is my last cromwell
the first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that ,  the story drags until it picks back up again toward the last third of the book .   i think the story would have been more credible if barr would have thoroughly explored the inner workings of her fictional religious sect and offered more details about it .   without those details ,  the book seemed  " unfinished "  .   it was like watching a movie and only viewing the actions of the good guy without being exposed to villain .   boring in my opinion .
after get shorty ,  e . l .  might just wish shamelessly that his next book with those same chili palmer characters might hit the goldmine and pay dirt and being bought up by the dumb hollywood producers and made into another movie again ,  with this single-minded purpose focused ,  e . l .  wrote this totally unnecessary sequel to get shorty .  and he was right again ,  it was bought and made into a movie again ,  but pathetically ,  a horrible one compared to get shorty .  the novel itself was also a complete failure with so many obvious evidences that e . l .  indeed wrote it in a way for another movie in mind .  i simply failed to find there's any interest in reading this going nowhere story .  it just like reading a double imaged e . l .  personified in chili palmer and lobbying so hard to make this novel into a movie ,  with all the bore-to-death script ,  dialogue readymade for hollywood to grap .  how could you imagine that those winnos in los angeles ,  especially those who in the hiphop music biz would watch 'charlie rose' and would have known and recognized chili palmer as the producer of 'get shorty' ?  you think those people would faithfully turned on their tv and channel surfed to pbs to watch 'charlie rose' ?  and at every corner of los angeles ,  every table in any restaurant ,  almost everyone would recognize 'chili palmer' ?  and you have to ask yourself :  since when people would recognize a behind-the-screen movie producer ,  even a director in person ?  even they stand in front of you and claim themselves they are ?  yeah ,  maybe elmore leonard would watch 'charlie rose' regularly ?  and you think that charlie rose would interview a notorious shylock in his show ?  give me a break !  this book ,  from the 1st page to the last was an absolutely no-brainer ,  so shallow and so superficious !  just a total unnecessary and unwanted cash-in
gary zukav states in his introduction  " i had never studied physics .  in fact i didn't like science and i had no mathematical aptitude .on opra  ( tv )  he admitted that he does not have a tv which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth .i noticed that some reviewers refer to the  " new physics "  is that like  " new age "  or voodoo physics ?90% of the matter must be missing from this book .  or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of .  he even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose .many people say they did not understand physics until this book ;  surprises ,  you still do not .  you now know what zukav wished physics was .  take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater .  and the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats .at least get it straight before mixing it up .  try reading some of these :" the ascent of man by jacob bronowski "  .  the book available everywhere the dvd's available from the uk ." the upanishads "  by eknath easwaran  ( editor )  ,  michael n .  nagler  ( photographer )or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion .then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner :" the tao of physics :  an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and eastern mysticism "  by fritjof capra .also on the fringe but not as radical as zukav is a series called  " what the bleep .  "   ( both in books and on video )
sue grafton has written many good books but this one is weak ,  weak ,  weak .  try 'a is for alibi' or 'j is for judgement' .  they show off grafton's writing talents much better
i was very excited about receiving this book ,  by the way big upps to lupo997 for getting my book to me in a timely fashion .   after reviewing the book further i realized it was like touched by an angel ,  and i don't like that show at all ,  but i decided to read it anyway cause it looked good .   that was a mistake ,  the character's were two dimensional and truly unbelieveable .   in the first story - rainmaker - the professor was sooo in love with hailey he didn't care about getting killed or putting his own child's life in danger - come on now .   he would rather see his blind daughter killed for this woman he barely knows .   i didn't even read the second story ,  maybe i'll come back to that .   the third story was totally ridiculous as well .   paris is so sick of russell - he doesn't have a job ,  money and no ambition ,  yet she stays with him .   he cheats on her ,  she has the broads up in her house and sells them mary kay !  !   yet she stays with him .   he has given her an std !  !  !   she stays with him !  !  !   she doesn't even like making love to him .   during all of this nonsense her fi-one boss is pushing up on her ,  and she resists .   she won't cheat on her man .   what !  !  !  !   if you like reading fairy tales then this is the book for you .   for everyone else who likes a little believable drama in their fiction - do not get this book !
i've used the lonely planet guides on other trips before ,  and have always been very pleased ,  but this one left me with a different taste in my mouth .   lp was the only guide we purchased ,  based on our previous experiences with them ,  but we had the chance to peruse others in the b&b's we stayed in throughout our trip .   of all of them ,  i'd rate the lp as the 2nd best for our interests - as they say ,  individual experiences may vary !   ireland has become a very expen$ive tourist destination ,  so upon reflection ,  we would have been happier with the rough guide .   lp has just tried to hard to cover all levels of expense in one guide ,  and has ended up short-changing all of them in the process .   i hate to say it ,  but i'd rather see them do one thing well than 3 things mediocre at best .   i'd still put it above most of the other guidebooks though .our first and foremost gripe is how out of date the price estimates on everything are .   i realize it was published two years ago ,  but we gradually learned to depend on everything costing about 20% more than lp listed .   that's quite a jump for 2 years ,  indicating to me either poor fact-checking for the 2003 edition ,  or some pretty crazy inflation and a need for another update .our second gripe was the local maps .   they failed to provide maps for a lot of the smaller cities ,  and only provided maps of the city-center areas in the larger ones .   given the rarity of irish street signage ,  those maps would have been a god-send for navigation in towns .   also ,  and this may be a function of the 2003 printing ,  a lot of the towns in ireland are instituting one-way patterns in their city-centers ,  and lp's maps rarely identified this .a third ,  again related gripe is with the existance ,  or lack thereof ,  of the various restaurants ,  b&b's ,  shops ,  etc .  listed in the guide .   probably 30% of the restaurants in the guide just aren't there any more .   i realize they must have been when it went to print ,  but that didn't help us any .our last gripe is the rather uneven coverage of large areas of the country .   granted ,  it reflected perfectly the tourist patterns - heavy coverage of larger cities and popular tourist areas along the coasts ,  pretty awful coverage of less touristed interior areas .   unfortunately ,  we didn't just want to go where all the other tourists go ,  so this left our noses still further out of joint .overall ,  i'd say if you want a guide that covers the sightes well ,  both lp and rough guide do that .   if you want to keep the expenditures down ,  rough guide does it much better .   if you want to go all out ,  um ,  there's probably a third option ,  but neither of these two will do it well .   if you want to be thrifty in some areas and splurge in others ,  then this guide is the closest you'll get to filling your schizophrenic needs in one place - although ,  in that case ,  i'd really recommend getting two guides ,  one for each end of the spectrum .one last piece of advice - buy a heritage card when you get to your first castle/tomb/historic place !   if you plan on visiting more than one or two historic places ,  its 20e cost will be recouped within days with all the free admissions it will get you for the rest of the trip
i have 50 pages to go and i can't wait to finish this boring waste of time .  very predictable ,  sappy ,  sweet and quite meaningless .   i give it a minus 1
for someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science ,  stephen jay gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book .  gould rambles on and on ,  attacking giants of modern science like samuel morton and francis galton ,  and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own .  gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class .  gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct .  for anyone who has no knowledge of biology ,  this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science .  stephen jay gould is a paleontologist ;  evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him ,  and it would be best if he ,  as well as all other crypto-marxists who wish to blend science and politics ,  stay out of it
" the glorious cause "  is the sequel to  " rise to rebellion ,  "  and since the first novel was so good i eagerly dove into this one ,  but was disappointed to find it had nowhere near the same depth and quality of characterization .  on a scale of 1 to 10 ,  i give it a 4 ,  as compared to the 8 i would give  " rise to rebellion .  "the events recounted in  " rise to rebellion "  involving the lead up to the revolutionary war seemed so much more detailed and interesting ,  with a vast array of characters that were so colorful ;  john adams ,  paul revere ,  samuel adams ,  ben franklin ,  and others .   " the glorious cause "  was not without its merits ,  but it seemed so much drier and less appealing ,  with a more narrow focus .  it was far too long in some parts ,  to the point my attention wandered ,  and getting through it was a chore in some sections ,  unlike the preceding novel which seemed to turn its own pages .  i listened to this book on audio tape during my commute ,  and often found myself impatiently trying to keep my focus upon the narrative while controlling my urge to fast forward to a livelier scene .one element i felt truly slighted by was the coverage of benedict arnold and his defection to the british cause .  i assumed this would be one of the lengthier and more rewarding sections of the book ,  but it zipped by fairly rapidly with little genuine immersion into the subject material .a mark of a good book is how i feel when i have finished reading it - if i am disappointed i have reached the end of the story ,  then i know it was time well spent .  getting to the end of  " the glorious cause "  felt more like finishing some particularly grueling outdoor project ;  it was uncomfortable work ,  and now that i'm done i feel i can do something a bit more interesting .  because shaara did such a good job with  " rise to rebellion "  i don't feel my lack of appeal for this book is his responsibility ;  perhaps the subject matter didn't complement my taste as well .  i prefer interesting historial detail over tepid ,  droning battle descriptions ,  and i feel the differences between those two categories represent perfectly the differences between  " rise to rebellion "  and  " the glorious cause .
to anyone who has or is planning on reading this book ,  consider this .  this book has a lot of words which feel good and can make anyone's guilty conscience ease in thinking that  " your own will is god's own will .  "   ( quoted from walsh's books )  if you will it ,  then god wills it because he loves you and wants you to live in freedom ,  right ?  will is a precursor to action .  if there is no such this an a 'right' or 'wrong' will ,  then in essence there is really no such thing as a 'right' or 'wrong' action .  if someone else's actions hurt you ,  you feel that action is wrong .  but the person who hurt you certainly had his feelings for acting that way ,  right ?  it was his will ,  therefore he was justified and right and god's right there to back him up .  the victim is suffering .  where is his god when he needs him ?  was the victim correct in believing the action wrong ?  was the perpetrator correct in believing his action was right ?  in this book ,  god says that we have the authority to decide what is right or wrong .  the action is both right and wrong ,  right ?  wrong .this is when you may want to take a look at the bible .  the bible portrays god as a loving yet holy god .  holy is defined as exalted or worthy of complete devotion as one perfect in goodness and righteousness .  he loves us but sees a real and distinct right and wrong as clear as day where sometimes it appears to be a tangled mass to our limited senses .  he created us and gave us a conscience which can in most cases discern a right and wrong in a situation .  he gave us a free will which allows us to then choose that right or wrong .  are we always going to do the right thing ?  no ,  and he knows that .  when we do wrong thing ,  it is unhealthy at best to believe that doing wrong is the right thing to do because we desire it .  we're not god .  we do wrong all the time and god simply wants us to acknowledge this .  he wants us to exercise our freewill to do right according to our conscience and what's told in his book .  but he knows that even still we will do wrong when attempting in good faith to do right .  and that is why in a generous act of sacrificing love he sent his son jesus christ to show us the way ,  sacrifice himself on the cross for our wrongs ,  and be there still today to forgive our wrongs when we believe in him and in the truly amazing thing he did for us .  it's a beautiful thing !i urge you to believe that the holy bible is not a lie and jesus christ simply did the things the book said he did and is the person he claimed to be .  11 disciples took everything they said and wrote to their grave and never recanted even after much persecution .  wow !i've been a believer in christ for almost seven years and he's continued to worked wonders in my life .  i would have been a fan of these books if god had not put me on his path .in case you're wondering ,  i gave this book 2 stars because it has reinforced my faith in christ by giving a glaring example of what god is not .if you've read through all of this ,  thank you .  i encourage you to write me .  god bless !
unfotrunately shantaram did not grab my imagination at all .   nor did i find it emotionally satisfying .   i realize shataram is meant to be a kind of bollywood story - over the top ,  flowery ,  cliched etc .  but the bollywood movies i've seen have been engaging and strangely satisfying ,  despite their soppyness etc .   shantaram was not engaging because the poor writing and shallow characters spoil the story .
what exactly is it that ms wearstler does ?  this book is filled with  " glam "  pictures of recycled design ideas by billy haines , dorothy draper and billy baldwin , mostly of the  " hollywood regency "  style .  ms wearstler , whose home it is ,  appears in the photos dressed to the nines and seems to want us to think that she dreamed up this nifty new look .take a look at the new billy haines book and the just released book on dorothy draper and you'll see real designers at work and whose work and style this really is .
this book is not for someone who just wants to pick up enough french to get them through a trip unless they have a good ear and memory .   i found  " french in 10 minutes a day "  much better as you must write what you learn in a workbook
this is a childrens book and it is supposed to teach a positive message .  it should have been tiltled the  " jewish mother  "  tree or something .  so the message was use me and use me and use me some more and after i'm all used up ,  use me some more and i will be happy .  thats something we want to convey to children
when the truth about 911 is known he must not escape justice .  he is a criminal and must be treated like one .  christian peper
i have read some memoirs of the 2nd ww from a german standpoint and this was not one of the better .  although very fascinating at times it was also oddly detached and some of the stories about his sniping seemed  " made up "  .  it sometimes read as a fiction novel where he was alittle too much superman to be belivable .i also found it very strange that he very seldomly refered to other members in the squad ,  i do recognise that sniping surely is lonesome work but still ,  it was like nobody left an impression or if he held back with intent .another thing that is getting tiresome is that is always the russians that are the bad guys doing grizzly things ,  but he didnt stand for a minute to think what his own country had got himself involved in .still a good read but these factors didnt allowed me to be gripped by the story as other memoirs have .
unfortunately ,  sidney wolfe and the whole  " worst pills "  business enterprise is riding on the reputation of public citizen as a champion for consumers ,  but has failed to live up to it with this guide .  in some cases ,  warnings are included regarding various drugs that are not based on scientific reports ,  but rather ,  are based on the marketing literature and information from the pharmaceutical companies themselves -- hardly an unbiased ,  consumer-oriented source of information .  consider as one example the book's  " do not use "  warning regarding the prescription drug ,  armour thyroid .  rather than offering any research to support this severe recommendation  ( because there isn't any research )  ,  the  " guide "  instead quotes the ama and the american thyroid association ,  two groups that greatly enjoy the largesse of the thyroid drug makers who want to put armour -- a far less expensive drug -- out of business .  if this is the sort of  " unbiased information "  you want about the drugs you take ,  you might as well go ahead and just read the pharmaceutical company pamphlets .  if millions of thyroid patients taking armour thyroid were to follow the advice in  " worst pills ,  "  the only thing that ends up for the worse is our health .  i definitely do not recommend this book in any way .  -- mary j .  shomon ,  thyroid patient advocate and autho
this was the first book by danielle steele that i have read and it will be the last i read by her .  i was truly disappointed and believe she is a highly over-rated author .  the story was very drawn out and i caught myself dozing off a few times because the book was so boring .  if you want to fall asleep quick then this is the book for yo
i would love to read a neutral book on barry bonds ,  i hate cheerleader type books about players but i also hate one-sided ones as well .  the only good things he really has to say about bonds are about his baseball brain and his relationship with the famous marge  ( whom he then sarcastically remarks that bonds was only her second favorite player )  .the book covers a wide variety of topics ,  some are puzzeling .  while most of the book bashes barry bonds is also bashes his ex-wife for being an exotic dancer .  i was pretty upset to read that ,  i was a fan of pearlman but i thought he had more class then that .this book came out right after  ( or because of )  game of shadows .  this book here actually praises game of shadows while bashing bonds for illegal activities when 3 weeks after the book came out the writers of book of shadows are being subpeoned for illegally optaining information ,  guess that backfired pearlman .  in fact game of shadows may be taken off the shelves soon as well .the book uses many annoymous sources  ( there is a reference sheet in the back ,  most of those articles all include quotes from many unidentified sources )  ,  so its really hard to take alot of the harsh quotes that bonds says seriously because it is heresay .the book pretty much discredits itself at the end when pearlman proclaims that sports writers do not actually try or want to dig up dirt on people ,  they like to find good stories .  that quote alone will have any bonds hater rolling thier eyes at the sheer stupidity of it .  sports writing has became essectially a tabliod now .  even skip bayless publically admitted that most writers do that .so once again ,  the biggest problem is that it fails to stay on neutral ground .  this would be like writing a book about babe ruth and only mentioning that he beat up umpires ,  ran into the stands to attack people ,  slept with hookers ,  drank all the time ,  was mean to lou gherig ,  etc .while that may be true it would also only tell one part of the story and would be a waste ,  just like this
&quot ; i have received your new book against the human race ,  and thank you for it .  never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid .  one longs ,  in reading your book ,  to walk on all fours .  but as i have lost that habit for more than sixty years ,  i feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it .  nor can i embark in search of the savages of canada ,  because the maladies to which i am condemned render a european surgeon necessary to me ;  because war is going on in those regions ;  and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves . &quot ;  voltaire  ( 1755
the storyline is way over-the-top ,  the plot is very poor ,  the red-neck-america-knows-best attitude of the writer is funny and sometimes annoying .  still ,  i've red worse books .  but not many .
some may disagree ,  and in fact ,  many have asked me why i disliked this one so much ;  so ,  here is why :- scratch 'plotting' .  .  .  by this point in the story ,  'plodding' is more accurate .- caracatures over characters .  a staple of the series ,  2d characters ;  but by this point ,  when new characters keep getting introduced this late in the story ,  it becomes an annoyance ,  a drag and overkill .- virtually zero gain .the entire first half of the book is a rescue mission for a minor character and the mission ,  once accomplished  ( or not )  is forgotten by the end of the book .  the third fourth of the book finally starts to swing thigns back to the original lb premise of end times doom and gloom thanks to the horrific judgments ;  sadly ,  it's very boring and slow .  however .  .  .- .  .  .  the book doesn't get good until the last fourth .and that ,  my friends ,  is not good for the overall quality of this entry in the series .by this point ,  it's obvious that the authors were really stretching it .  however ,  as i said ,  things got really good in the last few chapters and led into 'armageddon' ,  one of the best books in the series .  how ironic .thumbs way down for left behind :  the remnant .  it's sad when the best part of the book is a scene involving the antichrist sunbathing on a rooftop .
i had this one figured out by the second chapter .  too predictable and shallow .  hopefully ,  the next stone book will actually be worth reading
this is the story of stingo ,  a 22 y/o aspiring writer in nyc in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers ,  sophie and nathan ,  at his boarding house and is drawn into their dysfunctional relationship ,  falling in love with both and witnessing their self-destruction .   nathan is a mentally deranged and drug-addicted genius .   sophie is a haunted polish survivor of auschwitz .   her story unfolds as she confides to nathan the awful truths of her unwillingness to join the polish resistance ,  her eventual capture over a small infraction and her heart-destroying choice when she arrives in the camp--she must decide which of her children will live and which will be sent immediately to the gas chamber .while nathan and sophie are both fascinating ,  fully-realized characters with terrible obstacles ,  stingo ,  the narrator ,  is about as imbecilic a person as ever an author has entrusted his narrative to .   despite his thirty or so years of perspective on the events of '47 which he is relating ,  he seems to possess little or no wisdom about them ,  no intriguing viewpoints about his life or his friends' tragedies ,  and his actions and attitudes at the age of 22 are so immature and superficial as to be almost unbearable .   the novel is far too long--it could be nearly cut in half and only benefit .   the narrative style is foolishly ponderous ,  far over-written ,  especially in the first half .   and in the end while the structure of narrator/observer seems like a fine choice in the abstract ,  the specific narrator and his terrible lack of wisdom only interferes with the heartbreaking story of nathan and sophie .in the end ,  the narrator never even approaches the key question in my mind :   why did sophie so quickly choose eva to die rather than jan ?   a lack of true understanding of what would happen to the girl ?   a blind panic ?   a preference for her son ,  the sort of harmless preference many parents may harbor that is never important because we are never asked to choose ?   it is this having chosen which seems more than the other tragedies to have really destroyed sophie ,  and yet it's glossed over in the narrative .   in fact ,  it's followed by sophie and stingo having an endless night of 'fu---ng' as the novel would put it .   really ?   almost hard to believe sophie could get it together to have peremptory sex after her drinking and her terrible revelations .   she uses sex to escape with her lover nathan ,  but it's hard to imagine this all-night sexcapade stingo relates .   could it be that styron only knows how to connect people through sex ?how this could be considered one of the greatest american novels of all time is a mystery to me .   the potential is there ,  but only a truly talented ,  dedicated editor could have rescued the book from itsmany structural and linguistic failures
this book was easy enough to read ,  it just wasn't what i expected from quindlen .   i usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating ,  in this book i really did not find either of those traits to stand out .   the back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing ,  and sometimes i was in the middle of a paragraph before i realized this paragraph was a jump to the past ,  whereas the previous paragraph was present time .   although i got used to that writing style ,  i always found it annoying .   the storyline itself never sold me either :  a typical ,  young  " sew-your-wild-oats "  boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the  " perfect "  father .  i just did not find such an occurrence likely .   and ,  as a mother myself ,  all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm .  anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me ,  and a disappointment especially since i have been a quindlen fan for many ,  many years
if tess is going to continue to write books like this ,  she should switch her publisher to harlequin romance ,  it will give the unsuspecting buyer a  " heads up .  "it is not possible to describe the many short falls of this rather long boring novel without giving the romantic subplots away ,  let just say that the me does no pathology as she is way too busy whining about an unatainable romance and the detective does no detecting as she is totally wrapped up in her parent's pathetic lives .there is a bit of a mystery bouncing around in the book ,  but it is hardly worth wading through all those pages .come on tess ,  you can do better than this
this book was horrible .   if it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have .   i am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend .   i read half of it ,  suffering from a headache the entire time ,  and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire .   one less copy in the world .  .  . don't waste your money .i wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes .   this book wasted my life
unlike cussler's other series ,  i found this first story of the  " oregon files "  slow going at first and rather confusing .  there are just too many things going on  ( no problem ,  i suppose ,  for multi-taskers !  )  and way too many characters to keep track of .  also ,  there's little to no character development even of  " mr .  chairman "  ,  juan cabrillo .  the fact that he and his companions are mercenaries  ( with a penchant for good deeds that pay well )  doesn't compare favorably with the numa heroes .  however ,  the plots were intriguing and getting the golden budda out of the country was exciting and more like the roller coaster rides i expect from mr .  cussler and co-writers .  i look forward to the subsequent oregon files with high hopes .
i bought this software hoping that it would help me to find required mathematical formulas faster .  at home on my powermac  ( osx . 1 ,  os9 . 2 )  i only see messed up windows .  furthermore ,  the formulas are unreadable ,  using an archaic font .  trying to save the day ,  i went to my linux machine at work reading &quot ; your operating system ,  linux 2 . 2 . 19-7 . 0 . 1 ,  is not supported by this software .  it appears that the software is only suitable for some sun and sgi machines .  it only appears to run properly on a windows machine .  from an editor ,  who i remember ,  is one of the few persons finding errors in knuth's tex system ,  i expected much better
beware of the everyman's library edition of this book  ( green hardcover ,  ribbon marker ,  isbn # 0-679-40564-x )  .  book v dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted .  according to the introduction ,  this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low .  i wish i had known this before i ordered the book since now i have to buy a different edition in order to read book v .  what a ripoff
i recently read  " i "  ,   " k "  ,  and  " l "  in succession .   compared to  " innocent "  and  " killer "  ,  i found lawless to be slow paced  ( even though this edition finds kinsey spontaneously traveling across the country )  and the plot twists less surprising .   with others i've read in the series ,  i am usually hooked relatively early in the story line .   i was 1/3 of the way through this iteration before becoming mildly interested in the outcome .   even the subplots were not overly attention grabbing  ( kinsey has little contact with immediate family ,  ergo she substitutes others in her life--henry ,  rosie ,  pitt family ,  the criminal elements in this book--as her family .  .  .  )  .   i also found it hard to believe that some of the characters that appear in  " l "  could be so dim-witted on one page ,  and great possessors of vast knowledge with incredible powers of deduction on the next .   anyway ,  there are others in this series i would recommend more highly  (  " m "  being one of them )
if you're going to write about the city that is paris ,  you'd better be up to the task .   gopnik may have the writing and observation skills that would have served this assignment well ,  but this collection of essays generally falls flat .   for someone who resided in the city of light for 5 whole years ,  gopnik gives us a surprisingly myopic picture constrained by his own self-absorption .   those who are interested in paris and its natives will be sorely disappointed in the smug chronicles of a new yorker who regards himself and his son to be the most interesting elements of this city .   i have zero interest in my-toddler-does-paris stories and gopnik's relentless insertion of his look-how-cute-my-kid-is accounts should have been saved for a family re-union instead of wasting precious space that could have been used for more interesting topics .for a better book on paris cuisine and culture ,  check out the collection of gourmet essays from the last 60 years titled 'remembrance of things paris' .   it provides a wider variety of perspectives and a more expansive and interesting view of paris -- and it's blessedly free of all that baby's-scrapbook stuff .
not all that useful ,  really .   message is  " buy mutual funds !  "  .   in general ,  since the vast majority of mutual funds underperform the market ,  just buy index funds would be the best advice .   most of the text is entirely useless to someone who might want to trade individual stocks .   passages suggest that if a company seems undervalued you might want to have lunch with the ceo to go over the financials and confirm your valuation .   oh ,  thanks peter ,  what great advice .  .  .   (  " mr .  gates ,  your 11 o'clock is here to discuss purchasing 15 shares "  )
for decades ,  african-american studies scholars have left issues facing non-heterosexuals to the side .   for years ,   " queer "  scholars have left concerns of people of color to the side .   this anthology tries to address that void .   it goes a long way in proving that black ,  gay academics can be just a rigorous and hardcore as white gay ones or straight black ones .   the anthology has representative numbers of men and women .   in some ways ,  it's a who's who of black gay academia ,  including works from cathy cohen ,  dwight mcbride ,  and jewelle gomez .still ,  there is much about this book that frustrated me .   a few years ago ,  a study was done of black lgbts and most respondents said they hated the term  " queer ,  "  yet the academics here champion it .   really ,  if  " queer "  is supposed to represent the four groups equally ,  then this book was quite lacking in its coverage of bisexuals and the transgendered .   this is surprising given famous black bisexual writers such as alice walker ,  stuart hall ,  and june jordan .   often  " people of color "  is used when only blacks are brought up ;  latinos ,  asians ,  and native americans barely come up in this book at all .james baldwin is brought up often here .   i understand that .   his writings were rigorous and often dealt with racial and sexual issues simultaneously .   still ,  i kept thinking about how bell hooks once wrote that toni morrison gets a lot of attention when publishers won't print the works of black women that are equally as sophisticated .   james baldwin deserves his crown in black ,  gay letters ,  but i'm concerned about him being the only one to get to wear a crown .   several books have been printed about the many non-hetero members of the harlem renaissance ,  yet that group hardly comes up here .   james is getting a bit played out and the authors here are not helping change that tendency .finally ,  i had beef with many of the essays .   charles nero has great points but his essay is really two works glued together .   can anyone really say the whiteness of new orleans'  " gay ghetto "  is due to  " chasing amy "  or  " six feet under "  ?   one author could have written quickly about how he supported a gay ,  feminine student when that student was condemned by a masculine ,  heterosexual one .   instead ,  he went on and on in unnecessary jargon and babble .   kara keeling's essay was 90% theory and 10% a discussion of dunye's  " watermelon woman .  "   why bother to bring up the film if you're barely going to discuss it ?i wasn't really feelin' this text ,  but that's not to say it didn't have great aims
i agree with one the comments posted below .  the main problem with this book is mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him .  over the course of the book he doesn't change ,  he's unsympathetic ,  and by the time we've reached page 500 ,  we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10 .  i found myself dying to get to the end of this book ,  just so i could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters .another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way .overall ,  i thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation .  .  .  if you dig that sort of thing .  .  .  there are tons out on the market .  .  . unfortunately they don't come with disclaimers .  like one would get when reading a book on the occult .  .  .  people tend to go for books that support their bigoted view ,  and this is a fine example .  .  .  it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it .  .  .  .  it is a living .  when the da vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot's guide to the code ,  how to interpret the code etc etc .  .  .  .  i am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof .  .  .  people write for years even for the ny times before others discover their plagiarism .  .  .  .  or in this case the secret agenda .  .  .  .  before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad .  .  .
this book tries to convince non-christian skeptics but seems to spend too much time justifying orthodox perceptions and concepts of prayer and liturgy ,  without addressing fundamental objections
i was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book .   after that it seemed that little new information was added ,  or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition .   there were so many different characters ,  and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news .   the structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on tv
this book was on somebody's amazon . com listmania for sea turtles ,  so i hunted it down .   it is only vaguely about sea turtles ,  in that it is set on an island in georgia where sea turtles nest .   there is a sea turtle biologist introduced at the very beginning of the book ,  and then he disappears ,  so it's obvious that he was involved in the crime .there are way too many characters in this book to keep track of and most of them are not believable or likable .   i wish this book had at least been fun to read but it was tedious and i ended up skimming the whole thing ,  looking for any sign of sea turtle interaction .   skip this book and send your $6 . 99 to a sea turtle hospital instead .
he gave it all he had ,  but there just wasn't much of interest there .   he's a self-described ,  turmoiled loser ,  and not very interesting one to boot .   kafka ,  roth ,  and jeremy leven  ( satan ,  et al )  ,  write about similar troubled jews ,  and are much funnier and interesting .  i like his honesty ,  but ,  it's not worth the price of admission
this is truly a disappointing book .   it starts incredibly slowly and i found it very hard to become interested in the plot .   another disappointment is koontz's recycling of elements from other novels :   ( 1 )  plucky ,  highly intelligent disabled girl  ( the young female protagonist in  " the hideaway "  had almost identical deformities and personality )  ,   ( 2 )  devoted ,  super-powered canine companions ,   ( 3 )  bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out rvs ,  and  ( 4 )  evil bioethicists .the leilani character is patently ridiculous .   she conveniently has a genius iq ,  but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable .   i found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot .   koontz clearly has trouble writing for children ,  and this book is no exception .   almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/mr or genius wunderkinds ;  the latter ,  however ,  does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults .   dean heaps the hardships on poor leilani ,  with all the subtlety of an episode of walker ,  texas ranger .   in case you miss the anvils ,  you are supposed to really ,  really like her and fear for her safety .i don't know how or where dean koontz learned about bioethics ,  but he has a terribly misguided view of the field ,  taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field .   further ,  he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities  ( who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics )  -- as a medical student ,  i can assure you that this is patently untrue .   that koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow .the final issue is koontz's near-deification of dogs ,  particularly golden retrievers ,  which is a common motif in his more recent works .   it is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree .   his obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic  ( and i like dogs )  .   this novel probably features the most egregious example of koontz's tendency to create overly sappy ,  sugary-sweet endings .dean koontz has written many books better than this one .   spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
the monographs lack any sort of scientific references .   a true reference manual should list references so the reader can verify the conclusions made
horribly disappointing .these manufactured dialogues are evidently stephen law's way of dealing with his personal problems with religion .for example ,  in one chapter law manipulates his  " teaching "  by having god contradict the bible  ( the assumption being god's the author )  in a dialogue with a conservative religious person .  law even sarcastically concludes the chapter by saying this dialogue is only a dream ,  the real god would probably respond differently .good idea for a book ,  ruined by the authors distorted logic .  there are numerous ad hominen and circular reasoning errors .the title and premise fooled me into reading it .mr .  law ,  how will you pay back the readers for wasting the time they invested in your philosphical rant against religion
i had high hopes when i picked up this book because styron is a terrific writer and i was interested in the subject .  by the time i was done i nearly threw it across the room .  admittedly ,  depression makes for a tough topic ,  but that's not good enough .there's more to depression than staring at an empty page ,  unable to muster the courage to write one single word .  the dark places of the soul also have their fires ,  their drama ,  even if they are played out in secret .i will grant that the writing is spare and elegant ,  as you would expect .  but i would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt ,  something that put me there with him .  i have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction .styron is candid about his descent into alcoholism ,  but the self-destruction inherent in alcoholism does not imply the elimination of ego ,  frequently it heralds the triumph of ego .  in darkness visible ,  styron maintains egomaniacal control of his subject through aloof detachment ,  showcasing a carefully polished veneer ,  never inviting the reader in .
it is difficult to believe that such a slow and dull book could be written about such a compelling subject .   the reviewers who have lamented the short ,  choppy paragraphs that irritatingly jump from one scene to another ,  without benefit of full explanation or connection ,  are correct to scorn the overall poor writing that makes up this book .   i had to read some paragraphs several times and even then didn't understand what i was reading .   it was nearly impossible to picture most of the action in my mind ,  as it was mostly just a jumbled collection of facts and anecdotes that rambled on and on and on .   the description of the fire itself drags on chaotically for fifty tedious pages ,  which incited one yawn after another .   the book lacks any sense of focus and the author uses a very poor choice of words in many instances .   for example ,  the narrative is littered with sentences like :   " she made for the east exit .  .  .  "   okay ,  fine ,  but did she run ,  walk ,  crawl ,  hop ,  skip ,  jump ,  or fly to the east exit ?   i just don't know what to picture there .   the word  " made "  says nothing descriptive and is therefor about the worst word that could have been chosen .   this type of problem occurs on every page of the book .   i haven't read anything else the author has written ,  so i hate to be so critical .   i wonder ,  however ,  why his editor didn't send his manuscript back to him with thousands of suggestions .   i felt as if i was reading a very hastily-prepared early draft .   i have read many gripping books about disasters and survival situations .   this just isn't one of them .   compare  " the circus fire "  to  " into thin air ,  "   " heart of the sea ,  "   " batavia's graveyard ,  "  or  " ordeal by hunger "  and you'll understand what i mean
this should be retitled  " the leftist ,  israel-hating ,  politically correct revisionist guide to the middle east .  "        that would be far more accurate .      for a textbook ,  the author freelances just a tad bit too much ,  a lot of what is in here is presented as fact but is mostly opinion in disguise .     the author fails in presenting a clear and unbiased view of the middle east and instead allows his personal politics to get in the way .my professor dumped this book as the course textbook 1/4 of the way through the semester due to the never-ending left-leaning political commentary .     this is no serious review of the middle east ,  just a socialist-based fantasy on how things should be .    the author himself proclaims that accuracy isn't always important ,  its the idea that matters .this book is a joke ,  i looked for something serious ,  unbiased to aid me in learning more about the middle east but this book doesn't present anything new and its political leanings are just to the left of stalin .if you want to learn what an extreme left liberal thinks of the middle east ,  buy this book ,  otherwise stick to encyclopedias and hopefully ,  less biased college textbooks .
forget the tom wolfe comparison .  this book is simply boring !  i'm half through reading it ,  but i'm still waiting for something interesting to happen .  if nobody tells me that the second half is much ,  much better than the first ,  i'm going to throw it away  ( which i rarely do )  .  how could i believe this excellent book review  ( in a swiss newspaper )
after trying 2 recipes ,  i thought that i was a pretty bad cook .  so ,  i asked my friend ,  a very good cook ,  to try a couple more recipes .  she had the same results .  disgusting !  !  these recipes must not have been kitchen tested .  mine as well just boil some chicken and dump a can of cream of mushroom soup on top .  the results would be better .   stay away
although i really do like ripley's writing and her stories ,  this one was shameful what she did to the memory of gwtw .  i have to blame this on the editors .  scarlett was not the colorful character as in gwtw in this so called sequel .  publishers and editors should know there is no sequel worthy of the original great classic
the sub-header to this book could very well be :   " all work & no play makes jack a dull boy "  .basically ,  tom stanley's scholarly treatise on american wealth comes down to this mind-ripping ,  continent-blasting conclusion :millionaires ,  you see :1 )  save more than they spend ;2 )  don't spend anything .that's it .  page after page ,  chart after chart ,  graph after graph ,  anecdote piling up on anecdote ,  all of it boiling down to the same conclusion :  don't spend more than you save .  clip coupons .  hang on to your wife `til death you do part .  buy a rambler for 80 grand ,  and cling to it like a rat clutching a big mac in a hurricane .to wit :  if you're a good little bob cratchit ,  and burrow down in your suburban dacha ,  drive the civic ,  eat top ramen ,  and take your vacations at the state museum of knitting & the fine arts ,  you'll die loaded ! sound like fun ?didn't think so .  look :  you've got one life ,  and after death all bets are off .  sure ,  you could be hauled up by the angels to paradise ,  or it could just be one plate of linguini too many ,  a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness .  either way ,  you're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat earth ,  so you might as well live large .it's true ,  now :  you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose :  eremetic horror-writer ,  wall street tycoon ,  railroad baron ,  small-town librarian ,  legal eagle defender of the criminally insane ,  whatever .  and you can always outspend it .  that is the source of endless tragedy and dickensian woe throughout the ages ,  without a doubt .but there pitfalls at the other extreme .  listen :  i live next door to one of these mcmillionaires .  the guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter ,  used to be a bank vice president and got bought out because he was a dingus .  total skinflint .  miser .  goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison ,  deer meat ,  which he forces his family of---jesus ,  i think 12---to eat for months .  lives in a shacky little rambler ,  buys used crown vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices .the guy ,  no doubt ,  is high net worth .  but he's also a loser .this is a guy who didn't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there's a fence ,  even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne ,  he elected not to build a fence .  instead ,  he got a plastic jersey barricade  ( orange and white )  and went with that .  is that any way to live ?  is that really what it means to be a `millionaire' ?i think not .  half the glory of the age of great american consumption is buying stuff you don't need ,  but want .  desire .  demand .  what else is work for ?   find a way to creative bliss ,  work at something you're good at ,  that you have a real passion for ,  and the money will follow .but for the love of god ,  it's only money :  spend it !  what is money for ,  if not to indulge yourself ?sure ,  get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget .  but how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page a3 ,  the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner ,  ate catfood out of a tin ,  and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop ,  then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed ,  sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks ?  sound like a plan ?  i think not .  money may not buy happiness ,  but it sure as hell can get you a rolls-royce phantom ." millionaire next door "  might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is ,  stanley's thesis is meticulously researched ,  mustered like a well-trained army ,  and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing :  if you've got it ,  flaunt it ." millionaire next door "  isn't a bad book :  it's scholarly ,  and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion  ( be cheap !  die loaded !  )  ,  and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints .but as a map to your stars ,  this one is a little cramped ,  cribbed ,  dank ,  and stinks of mothballs .  i think i'll take first class---scratch that ,  how much did you say that learjet was going for ,  again ?js
have you ever met a person where every single thing that happens to them is a spiritual awakening ?   the kind of person that can't go to the bathroom without making some sort of journal entry of the new vistas they discovered ?   well that is the kind of mentality you get with this book .   you can't simply look at a sunset and be in awe of nature or god .   no you need to relate to it and make it a part of you .i am avery spiritual person and love traveling .   i have traveled all over the world and feel complete when i do so .   reading this book did the one thing i never thought was possible ,  it put me off of traveling .fortunately ,  the feeling passed quickly .   i will not make little travel shrines .   i will not take little spiritual trips across my living room .   i will not follow this persons advice .   and this book is going nowhere near my rucksack .   sorry ,  i am too stoic for this book .i would recommend people read books about the places they want to go .   learn their culture and a little bit of their language .   don't worry about the trip just go on it .my passport is the only material possession i truly value .
mr .  cahills book offers an interesting and controversial take on history .  he is an excellent and compelling writer ,  but his differentiation between pre and post diaspora israelites when discussing the celts in several of his books is not always clear .it was only the post-babylonian diaspora southern kingdom israelites who came to be known as jews ,  around 500 bc .it was the post-assyrian diaspora  ( 721 bc )  of the larger ten-tribed northern kingdom israelites who became what we today call the celts .  it is they who are both the island celts who populated ireland ,  scotland ,  wales ,  etc .  ,  and their cousins ,  the continental celts who sacked the roman empire under many celtic tribal names and who make up most of northwest europe today .the author could perhaps clarify this part of his presentations on european history by reviewing losttribes . net or any other modern celtic site based on contemporary archeology .
i thought keegan was a  " serious "  historian .   this book contains little to do with the actual war itself - you would have picked up more on how it was fought on a 2nd rate cable news channel - indeed i beleive thats where he did all his research for this poor excuse for a  " serious "  miltary analysis of the iraq war
this has to be one of the most ridiculous books i have ever read .  at one point the authors ask :  if money equals security ,  wouldn't you feel safe walking through a major american city at midnight with a suitcase full of cash handcuffed to your wrist ?  if money really did equal security ,  you would !  i stopped reading after that .i will say ,  however ,  that this book cured me of all of my bad financial habits .  i never want to be so bad off as to look to a book like this for advice again .
like many others in my book group ,  i had been looking forward to finally reading something by pamuk .  and like most of my book group ,  i was fairly disappointed by this short early novel from him .  originally published in turkey in 1985 ,  the story is prefaced by an introduction in which one faruk darvinoglu purports to have discovered the manuscript in a dusty archive .  he then goes on to explain that parts of the story can be historically corroborated ,  but much of it can't .  this should immediately alert the reader not to take everything in the book as it comes .  even more so if the reader knows that darvinoglu is the protagonist of pamuk's earlier book the house of silence .  such intertextual tricks immediately bring to mind the works of calvino ,  borges ,  and their ilk .the basic plot is very straightforward :  in the mid 17th-century ,  a young venetian gentleman is captured by turkish raiders and sold into slavery to an aspiring turkish scholar who happens to look just like him .  the two men then spend the next few decades cloistered together ,  engaged in various psuedo-intellectual investigations of astronomy ,  biology ,  engineering ,  and so on .  these bring them to the attention of the sultan  ( based on mehmet iv )  ,  whose patronage waxes and wanes ,  culminating in a lengthy attempt to construct a powerful war machine .  along the way ,  their claustrophobic relationship swings back and forth ,  and is interrupted by an outbreak of the plague ,  whose outcome they are tasked with predicting .  the book concludes with a brief section which will challenge the reader's assumptions and calls into question everything that comes before it .  namely ,  are there two characters or are they just manifestations of two aspects of a single person ?this all unfolds at a glacial pace ,  and the two  " characters "  are mere ciphers .  their clashing of wills and ideas take up page after page ,  but the reader is always told about the conflict rather than shown it ,  and this makes for disengaging reading .  pamuk seems much less interested in storytelling or characters than in grand themes such as the nature of identity ,  the collision of cultures ,  and the very nature of reality .  but none of these are addressed in a way that is particularly fresh or interesting .  the tension between east and west is handled in a fairly superficial manner ,  as the turkish master is obsessed with western advances in science and technology ,  while the sultan has a credulous appetite for tall tales and soothsayers .  this all comes across as a rather ambivalent satire of the fluidity of turkish national character .  in the end ,  this is not a particularly good introduction to major modern writer whom many have compared to eco ,  calvino ,  borges ,  kafka ,  and kundera .  however ,  readers who enjoy highly ambiguous works about self-identity with unreliable narrators may find this a satisfying read
i agree with some of the negative reviews that the junie b .  jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable .   my son ,  who is a pretty sensitive boy ,  didn't like junie b .  jones because he thought she was rude .   i would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who ,  though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes ,  are generally nice people .   we did love the magic tree house series ,  both for the adventure and the personalities of jack and annie
i want to make a short comment here :1 )  this book is quite confusing .  it mixed up the real story with the make up one .2 )  saying that ramanujun thought goldbach conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake .  everyone believe that goldbach conjecture is true .  and ramanujun is a real genius .  i cannot stand this make up part
this is book was on the new york best seller's list because it's about new york ,  not because it's well written or even interesting .   you run across a few gems throughout the book ,  but you have to be patient to get to them .   i hate to buy ,  start and not finish a book .  .  .  it seems like such as waste .  i'd gladly skip the book if i had to do it over again .
joseph nye keeps repeating himself :  multilateralism by global american charm attack .  that is simply a stupid assumption .  and it is untrue of american history in foreign relations .  nye still owes some answers to european scholars of international relations who criticized his idea .  in fact that is no personal multilateral approach .  .
i read this as a thirteen year old boy and enjoyed it .   a re-read twenty years later gave me a different perspective .   macleans dialogue between his characters is comic book variety at best .  there are also a few glaring errors that i am surprised that his editor did not pick up on ,  two of note :  shaffer  ( supposedly from montana )  is credited with a mid-west accent ?  ?  montana is far west not 'mid' west .   secondly ,  nazi helicopters ?   this is just plain sloppy .   maclean should have known much better .this one belongs on the bookshelf of a teenage boy .   for a better read of macleans better works i reccomend ;  hms ulysess and bear island .   the characters are far more credible and provide a better story by far .   a poor effort by mr maclean
chromosome 6 has a great premise :  what happens if medical technology accelerates to the point that scientists can create genetic doubles for people ;  doubles who serve as living organ reservoirs for possible future organ transplant needs-a sort of biological insurance policy ?  how much would people pay for this service ?  how far would they go to protect it ?  what are the moral implications ?robin cook comes full circle ,  returning to the themes of his 1970s novel ,  coma .  coma is the novel that first made us aware of the dangers of corporate medicine and greed ;  of the subtle but relentless destruction of the long-standing relationships patients had with doctors ,  and the dignity those relationship once preserved .  now ,  a quarter century later ,  robin cook is shown to have been eerily prescient as technology has caught up to his nightmare .chromosome 6 is a very believable scenario of a technology designed with the best of intentions being corrupted for the sake of profit .  in this novel ,  there is mystery and murder ;  medical sleuthing and exotic ,  international sets .  there are a host of characters whose paths will intersect at some point-the set up is brilliant and we read with eager anticipation-but .  .  . this novel is so poorly written that i cannot believe it has robin cook's name on it .  though not high literature ,  robin cook's novels have always been tight and suspenseful ,  with believable characters and settings that seemed real .  the characters in chromosome 6 are as flat as road kill ,  the action as watered down as a glass of coke left in the sun until all of the ice has melted .  turn a page and the story just ends .  .  . what ?  that's it ?  are you kidding ?  did robin cook really write this ?  i don't think so .
i picked this book up at my public library because i had put it on my reading list a while back when i saw that the president (  !  )  of the united states george bush read it while he was on vacation too .i went to my local cofee place and got a medium regular cofee flavored cofee but in a large cup  ( so theres room for plenty of milk which i like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large )  .   anyway i am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where i have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there .   so then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning .   and he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing .anyway then he leaves and i notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as i thought previously .   so i'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so i take it back to the library .now here i have to point out that i had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that i returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight .   well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever i go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when i turn the book in .   i explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8 . 50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me .but you can guess how this ended up .   i am down another $8 dollars and change  ( i paid the  . 50 cents in pennies i got from the place i keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since i counted them out one by one but it was worth it )  .   and i never finished the book since it was ruined .but !  i liked the parts i read  " okay "  and if the president likes it i guess it gets four stars only i made it two stars because i only read half .   maybe i will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then i will come back and give this book it's missing two stars if it ends well .lesson learned is life is not always fair but you  " keep on keepin on "  like they say
very disappointing and boring !  no likeable characters ,  very uninteresting story .   could/would not finish--too many  " better "  books waiting
the cover claims that the book has been  " revised and updated for the digital age ,  "  but winston's information on technological tools is both superficial and already dated .  the term ,   " pda ,  "  does not even appear in the index
can anyone tell me if the book words on the vine has an answer key with it ?  thanks .  sgra
i picked up the first book in this series  ( the eyre affair )  based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed .  still ,  the potential for the series seemed so large that i went ahead and read this second one too ,  only to be even less enchanted with the franchise .  this is a pure sequel ,  and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of thursday next is strict order ,  lest one miss out of allusions to past events .  although .  .  .  on further consideration ,  maybe it doesn't matter ,  since clearly anything can and will happen in this series ,  and fforde isn't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway .the setting is the same as the first book ,  an alternate mid-1980s england in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation .  fresh off the events of  " the eyre affair "  ,  thursday next  ( a police officer specializing in literature related crimes ,  such as first-edition forgeries ,  valuable manuscript thefts ,  and the like )  is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved jane eyre  ( and changed the ending for the better )  ,  when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband landen .  unfortunately ,  the evil goliath corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the chronogaurd  ( timestream police )  to delete landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage .  in the first book thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside poe's  " the raven "  ,  and it seems they want him back .this a potentially interesting plot ,  but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things fforde throws into the mix .  most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing thursday  ( and are also linked to events in the first book )  .  another plotline concerns the discovery of a  " lost "  shakespeare play ,  which looks to be the most important literary event of the century ,  if thursday can authenticate it .  there's also the small matter of thursday's pregnancy .  and just when one is comfortable with thursday's role as a  " specops litratech "  ,  and that whole milieu ,  she's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of  " jurisfiction "  ,  a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order .  .  .  finally ,  her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out ,  and can she help him .  phew !i've probably missed one or two elements ,  but you get the idea .  fforde is just brimming with nifty ideas ,  but the shame of it is that he can't stop and give any of them the attention they deserve .  it's impossible to get invested in any of the plotlines when you know he's just going to move on to something else in a few pages ,  and it's impossible to care about the characters when their existence is utterly malleable ,  as is time and place .  i suppose it's all meant to be puckish good fun ,  but the overall effect is more an attention deficit disorder nancy drew heroine meets a poor-man's douglas adams .  the book has its occasional moments ,  but the humor is far too broad and unsubtle ,  and there's absolutely no narrative tension .  all the literary in jokes in the world can't save this shambling wreck ,  and i don't think i'll be moving on to the next book .
this book deserves no stars .please stop buying and promoting this rotten book !  this is a book about a rotten ,  selfish self-centered male who takes everything including the life of the female tree .  even at the end when he chops her down to sit on her as an old man ,  he's still unsatisifed and has a big scowl on his face !the female tree gives and gives and gives ,  and the male  ( from boy to old man )  just takes and takes and takes and is never satisified ,  happy or thankful .what kind of story is that ?this is truly a rotten story .  don't buy it !  don't give this to your children !
hart disputes o'reilly's claim that the us  " gives far and away more tax money for foreign coutries than anyone else .  .  .  .  .  "  by countering that per capita the u . s .  is near the bottom of the list .  o'reilly wasn't quoted as saying  " more tax money per capita "  .more goofy reasoning by someone who ought to know better .
i picked this book up after reading both books in the bartimeus trilogy and was excited to see what else jonathan stroud could conjure up .  this book was a let down .  i just couldn't get into the plot .  i even found the story somewhat disturbing and eerie ,  especially for young children to read .  there are very evil characters in this book who would be much better suited for an adult sci-fi novel ,  rather than a book marketed for children and young teens .  the characters were unlikeable ,  and the plot just never seemed to grab my attention .  i was very dissapointed that this is from the same author who wrote the amazing bartimeus trilogy books !  well ,  i figured i would add my two cents in and let people know i just didn't like this book
i absolutely love janet evanovich and the stephanie plum series ,  so when i saw this new series of books with her name on it ,  i grabbed them up .   i couldn't even finish reading this book .   it was so bad .   the whole talking car concept was ,  frankly ,  just stupid .   this was like watching an episode of knight rider ,  but without david hasselhoff .   the characters are flat ,  and the dialogue is stilted and contrived .   i can only believe that charlotte hughes did most of the writing ,  and why on earth would evanovich attach her name to this ?   needless to say ,  i will not be reading the rest of the series .   spend your money on something worth reading
i would normally not read barbara taylor bradford but my boyfriends' mom gave it to me as part of a present ,  so i said what the heck ,  i'll try it .just as disappointing as i'd expected .  light ,  uninteresting ,  and with no real plot or ending .  as for the historical pages ,  read catherine cookson instead .i may go back and listen to a woman of substance only because other reviewers seemed to have enjoyed it .but this sequel was too into clothes and the finer things ,  and full of too-successful ,  too-beautiful men and women .  not believable .
hal abelson is responsible for a famous epigram ,   " if i haven't seen as far as others ,  it is because giants were standing on my shoulders .  "this book is solidly enough written ,  but it's a cut-down ,  shallow rehash of a few justly famous functional programming textbooks .   the first is abelson and sussman's  " structure and interpretation of computer programs "  ;  the second ,  bird and wadler's  " introduction to functional programming "  .if you want to really learn deep truths about programming ,  go buy those two books .   if they leave you scratching your head about how to transmogrify what you learn into perl ,  buy schwartz's  " perls of wisdom "
never received the book ,  so very disappointed at the delivery process and cost i have incurred
poorly proof read and obfuscatingly written ,  this book had the potential to clarify for the many the importance of black's contributions .   it was a frustrating read due to lack of clarity and lack of simple explanations about the significance of black's work
i remove children from abusive parents daily .legally ,  you cannot hit your child with anything but your open hand on any area but your child's buttocks .   if a neighbor ,  friend ,  teacher or family member calls child and family services because your child reports to them that you are doing what dr .  dobson advocates ,  your child could be removed from your care .
this is truly a disappointing book .   it starts incredibly slowly and i found it very hard to become interested in the plot .   another disappointment is koontz's recycling of elements from other novels :   ( 1 )  plucky ,  highly intelligent disabled girl  ( the young female protagonist in  " the hideaway "  had almost identical deformities and personality )  ,   ( 2 )  devoted ,  super-powered canine companions ,   ( 3 )  bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out rvs ,  and  ( 4 )  evil bioethicists .the leilani character is patently ridiculous .   she conveniently has a genius iq ,  but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable .   i found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot .   koontz clearly has trouble writing for children ,  and this book is no exception .   almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/mr or genius wunderkinds ;  the latter ,  however ,  does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults .   dean heaps the hardships on poor leilani ,  with all the subtlety of an episode of walker ,  texas ranger .   in case you miss the anvils ,  you are supposed to really ,  really like her and fear for her safety .i don't know how or where dean koontz learned about bioethics ,  but he has a terribly misguided view of the field ,  taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field .   further ,  he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities  ( who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics )  -- as a medical student ,  i can assure you that this is patently untrue .   that koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow .the final issue is koontz's near-deification of dogs ,  particularly golden retrievers ,  which is a common motif in his more recent works .   it is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree .   his obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic  ( and i like dogs )  .   this novel probably features the most egregious example of koontz's tendency to create overly sappy ,  sugary-sweet endings .dean koontz has written many books better than this one .   spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
i too eagerly anticipated reading this book ,  since i went through an apron-sewing blitz this summer .  i was a bit disappointed ,  however .  although the photos and instructions are helpful  ( for seamsters more accomplished than myself )  ,  the tone of the book is reactionary ,  with negative statements about working mothers and a lot of nostalgia for the ozzie and harriet era .  although geisel celebrates the rebirth of the domestic arts ,  she praises the home-as-nest  ( enclave of traditional domesticity )  rather than the house-as-studio  ( a diy workshop involving every member in open-ended acts of engagement with economy ,  history ,  and culture .  )  still ,  there's some interesting history and some great photos
.  .  . but lana wood has a very autobiographical writing style .  i found wood's memoir to be incredibly gossipy .  she speaks for pages upon pages about her own feelings during pivotal times in natalie's life .  every here or there ,  it's nice to have an eyewitness account of what happened at certain times ,  but i'd rather read about the academy awards for which natalie was being nominated instead of the powerful men in hollywood with whom lana was sleeping .  there is a lot of name-dropping as well as a lack of substance in the book's context .  after reading this ,  i read suzanne finstad's natasha and found it to be very thorough and much more detailed about both her personal and professional life .  i was not a fan of this book in any respect
this is a moderately well-spun book about the  " no spin zone .  "  should be called the  " know spin zone "  since really nothing in it is objective .   o'reilly is a case-study in the typesubjective journalism that is prevalent in the media these days and the book shows this .   in other words it's a must read for everyone with the ability to see through it .   if you can't see through o'reilly's bias then this book is poison
i was anxious to read the reviews on this book and i am happy to find its not just me !  her words and sentences are redundant !  yes  " wacky artist "  was used about 50 times in the span of 2 pages !  liam picked up a poker and scared the daughter !  we know !  don't tell us 100 times !  this is what i think :  either ms .  steel thinks so little of her devoted audience that she feels we need to be spoon fed the material .  .  . or she's just writing whatever comes to mind and no one is editing .  is d .  steel so popular and successful that no one has to proof read her work ?  also ,  is it cold stone sober ?  or stone cold sober ?   ( it should have been the latter )  no editor caught that mistake ?   i've been a fan of ms .  steel's work for 21 years now and the past few year's works have been deplorable !  i first excused it due to the death of her son .  .  but her talent never picked up again .  from the ranch onward the books are just pure fluff .  if you want to read a novel and not think about what you're reading .  .  . then read her books ,  this one especially .  if you want to read and process and fall in love with characters try barbara delinsky ,  luanne rice ,  alison clement ,  susan wiggs .  .
the story opens well and hooks the reader .   however ,  the ending is a disappointment and comes across as cliche and predictable .   i gave it two stars because there was not a category for a 1 and a half
this is the worst ,  most depressing piece of fiction i have ever read .   there is no real protoganist and not one singular character worthy of admiration--and after a while ,  their actions just become inexplicable .   the author's soul must truly be an ugly one to have devoted so much time and energy to using his mind to generate so many casual acts of evil throughout the book .   it starts out promising but by the time you get to about halfway through the book or so you get a nagging sense that your very own soul might be sucked out of you and permanently stolen by the heart of neil gaiman's darkness or one of his minions .   additionally ,  the characters' motivations change like the shifting sands ,  nothing they do makes any real sense except some inexplicable movement towards doing greater and more evil en masse like some sort of coagulating bacteria or disease .   what is so creepy about this book is the casualness of it all .   unlike some of stephen king's work  ( ie :  the stand )  ,  there is absolutely no redeeming thread here--no rallying or marshalling the troops to combat the emerging evil .   it's evil in evil vs .  evil surrounded by evil .   all i can say is that this book is ugly ,  ugly ,  ugly .   at least writers like joyce carol oats and joseph conrad's intentions when writing about such things is to effectively demonstrate the ill effects of such darkness ,  but to make heroes of characters one should avoid is unconscionable .   the choices the supposed protoganist makes make no sense--and you do root for  him in the very beginning but you find he is just like one of them after all .   i suspended my doubt and disbelief as long as i could but finally became so incensed by the audacity of both the literary critics and the author to pass this off as excellence ,  i literally stopped mid-sentence and chose to never read this author's work again .   it's a shame too because he has allied himself in other incarnations with a truly gifted artist ,  dave mckean ,  who maybe hasn't completely gone over to the dark side like neil has .   his association with dave mckean is the only reason i even opened-up the book--and maybe a little because the title intrigued me .   but it's unfortunate that the industry rewards  " clever "  works such as mr .  gaiman's with undue praise .   i've never so strongly disliked a book .   have you ever found yourself getting angry because you felt robbed or duped by a book ?   well ,  don't believe the hype ,  this is the one to throw in the trash or disintegrate with x-men eyeball laserbeams before all your humanity is sucked out of you
so very boring .  .  .  i gave up halfway in .  i usually hate to leave books unfinished but i felt like it was a waste of my time .  my sister liked it though .
if you are a man ,  you will not like this collection of feminist essays .   this book is worse than bad .   it is an abomination
a friend recommended this book which i unfortunately bought .   i feel sorry for people who think that this is  " writing .  "   the author not only contradicts herself but the writing is shallow and lacks any depth .   if you want to feel good ,  buy yourself a bottle of wine ,  not this book
as a strong proponent of attachment parenting and a rather radical unschooler ,  this book was a big disappointment !  !  !  i bought this book after reading the reviews and wish i hadn't paid more than $1 for it .  while the title  " the unprocessed child "  accurately describes laurie's upbringing ,  this book shouldn't be grouped with other unschooling literature .  the author ,  while cherishing the close bond she has with her daughter ,  reminds me of the mother in  " love you forever "  who sneaks across town and climbs into her grown son's room at night to spend time with him--sweet but a bit creepy .  the fact that she admits that she even went to college at the same time as her daughter so she could spend more time with laurie pretty much says it all .  the mother clearly has her own issues that i hope she allows herself to work through and heal from now that she's not spending 24/7 with her only child .  we have been unschooling each of our four children since birth --challenging temperments and all--and i feel very privileged to spend so much time with them as they discover how exciting it is to decode and discover the world around them .  if you want to read a good book about unschooling without unsupported platitudes and preaching in almost every chapter ,  i would recommend  " homeschooling our children ,  unschooling ourselves "  .  those authors offer more balance and eloquence than ms .  fitzenreiter .
i wanted to be interested in this book ,  but it became pretty boring ater a while .  there is an undercurrent of romanticism that pervades the authors purpose .  he claims to be neutral ,  yet his descriptions and conversations with many of the people slant towards idol worship .  although the author claims to be in recovery ,  i did not get the sense of how drugs and alcohol can ruin peoples lives .  i felt that his narrative was self serving ,  and glorifying the wonders of drugs and experimentation .  there is a price to pay .  what was good was hearing his father's take on the whole down side of watching his son grow up loaded .  that was interesting .  i'm getting weary of the proselytizing about how epochal the 1960's ,  70's and 80's were .  i didn't like his picture either
the hero is a cold , mean brute who does not deserve his gentle wife kassia . he should have been made to marry joanna the shrewish woman he was betrothed to . i couldn't get past graelam raping kassia , i really couldn't . i know this is medieval england and women were more or less treated like chattel , but come on . kassia is a gentle sweet girl who does everything to please this philandering , brute of a man . he sleeps with one of the servants after he marries kassia ,  when she confronts him he threatens to beat and rape her which he had already done ( i shuddered again right there )  . there's not one but two women undermining kassia's authority and she sits back and takes this , please ! the servants and his own soldiers abhor his treatment of kassia throughout the book . i prayed for her to runaway with dienwald or for guy to fall in love with her and take her away from graelam . the women who made kassialife hell were rewarded for their treatment of her , they are never made to pay for what they did to her which is another thing that put me off this book . i like to see the heroine giving as good as she gets even if she's not a particularly strong character . kassia was far too soft and gentle for this brute as a result he walked all over her quite literally . i wanted him to really suffer for his treatment of her which he didn't , this is why i bothered to finish this book for him to get his comeuppance which hedidn't . she capitulated far too easily in the end when he came to get her at her father's castle . i know that he's a warrior but didn't knights have a chivalric code
i recently saw this book on the bargain bin .   this book was pure garbage ,  by two arrogant 20-somethings in clown suits .   basically they are saying valuations don't matter .   since they wrote the book ,  it has been prooven that their philosophy ,  approached over the long term ,  produces some great damaging losses .   the book may be useful during the next bubble ,  which if history serves ,  will occur well after these clowns pass on to the big three-ring circus in the sky .   to the dungeon with these two knaves
bought this book hoping for a comprehensive resource of information on hiring a nanny .   boy were we disappointed .   as was mentioned in another post - the book is nothing more than a glorified outline ,  and half of the book is copies of the forms that are on the disk ,  which forms by the way are in  . pdf form and are not even fillable .
this story was about a young brother trying to make it in life .i have to admit that i was excited to read this book ,  and it let me down .   i didn't like how bobby let pearl walk all over him .   i don't think bobby dallas was portrayed as a  " do right man "  at all ,  but rather a wimp .   during the first half of the book ,  i waited for him to get a back bone ,  which he never did .   from there on the whole story was slow .  i was bored about continually reading about him and his radio job .    this was a slow read for me ,  i skipped a few chapters just so i could find out what finally happened in the end
this guy's box is missing a few tools . most of the stuff he quotes as fact is not supported in real life .  he's full of crap .  everybody knows walking is good for you ,  but kevin t .  starts his chapter on walking by saying that 'when you take your dog for a walk ,  he  ( or she )  poops .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . well la-de-f_____ing-da .  .  .  . isn't that why you take your dog for a walk .  .  .  . because you don't want him  ( or her )  to poop in the house .  then there's his statement that if you put your teflon pan on high heat and have a parakeet on your shoulder ,  the bird will keel over dead because of the poisonous gasses .  .  .  .  .  .  . and another thing ,  who ever heard of an acidic body ?  ?  ?   i think i know what planet trudeau came from .  .  .  . uranu
i have been a huge fan of dean koontz for years ,  ever since my mom got me to read watchers .   but this story is just way too slow .   just when i thought it was going to grab my attention and start off for the rollar coaster ride .  .  .  . it would slow way down again .   i almost put it down halfway through the book ,  but i kept pushing along thinking that it would get better just around the corner .   about 2/3rds of the way through it got a little bit more entertaining .  .  .  . but i just felt like something was missing most of the time i was reading .   i just couldn't get into the characters .   i wouldn't recommend this book to any first time dean koontz reader because it would most likely turn you off .  .  .  . don't judge his work by this novel .
this is the sort of book you get when an author writes on a subject with which he has only a passing familiarity ,  and lacks the confidence that the subject matter is inherently interesting enough to hold the reader's attention .   the result is a book that is ultimately unsatisfying .one symptom of the problems described above is that large portions are devoted to subjects other than money .   for example ,  the author uses the first three pages after the introduction to describe aztec ritual sacrifice in literally gory detail before proceeding on to the use of cocao beans as commodity money .   i think that's meant to be what they used to call in show business a  " grabber ,  "  but for the reader expecting to learn about money ,  it's a distraction .  another problem is that the author's grasp of modern economics is shaky at best ,  and especially in the latter part of the book ,  he'll make a point and then repeat himself ,  much as an undergraduate trying to extend the length of a term paper that's run a few pages short .and yet ,  there's also some interesting and oddly convincing tidbits of information here .  the author states that l .  frank baum's 1900 book  " the wizard of oz "  is really a parable about the need for a bimetallic dollar based on both gold and silver .   but even as it strikes you that this is an interesting bit of trivia ,  you realize that it's only a bit of trivia and has little larger significance .if you're looking for a economic history of money ,  you should look elsewhere .   if you're interested in the cultural and sociological impact of money ,  this may be more to your liking ,  though i think it still falls short .
i was looking forward to reading this book ,  first in a series .  sadly ,  i gave up on it about 100 pages in .  i felt there was so much mundane writing and hardly any dialog between not only the two main characters but between any characters at all .  it just feels completely unemotional and without any sort of feeling-there is nothing exciting about this book .  the heroine is naive ,  and not in a good way .  i hope the others in this series are better .  1 . 5 stars
ageless body is deepak's attempt to neutralize the word  " old "  as in old age .   the writer has a knack for making common words ,  like  " body ,   " mind "  and  " self ,  "  into profound concepts .   his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies .   but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound .if you like poetry ,  deepak may be your read :   " the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ;   ( p .  36 )  "   or try to interpret this one :   " the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ;  in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born .   ( p . 40 )  "at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible .   he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over  " intelligent design .  "   he can't accept the growth of any cell ,  even a plant cell ,  without an intelligence involved .   he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p .  115 ,  asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process .deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms :  intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself .   whether your word game tosses in the word  " quantum "  or not doesn't change much .   what a solipsistic thought ;  what a solipsistic world .   i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of wouldn't ,  after awhile ,  go insane
the book is written about an empire in the future .   i'm not really sure why asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer ,  which is a dying system of government ,  instead of a democratic republic .   i know this is nit-picking ,  but i didn't like this book .apparently ,  the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics .   anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician ,  as i do ,  knows that it's difficult to predict what's going to happen in anyone's life tomorrow ,  much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics .this book is intellectual worship ,  which is something i can't stand .   intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else ,  so feel they should rule over everyone else ,  if only you would listen to them .   this idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude .   this smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable .   another idea that's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable .if this guy was so smart as to predict ,  with a high degree of accuracy ,  the downfall of civilization ,  and the rising of a new one ,  along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through ,  why wasn't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization .   surely ,  with his predictive ability people would listen to him ,  but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason .and asimov is a mediocre writer .   the story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed .   i read this book because as a sci-fi fan ,  i felt obligated
after having read and loved howard pyle's 1968 classic pressedition of  " the merry adventures of robin hood "  i was quitedisappointed with  " the story of king arthur and his knights "  .whereas pyle brilliantly brought his characters to life in  " robinhood "  ,  the characters of  " king arthur "  seem flat and lifelessby comparison .   the king arthur stories read like little morethan a description of events ;  one doesn't really get a feelingof being there while things are happening as in  " robin hood .  "the dialogue seems much more realistic in  " robin hood "  ,  but ithink there's more to it .   the writing style in  " king arthur "i'd characterize as prosaic---in sharp contrast to the charming ,  poetic style of writing in  " robin hood .  "
f this self-help industry crap .  quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst .  i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title .  humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior/female-maiden title what's-his-name gives them .  and remember ,  this  " doctor ,  "  is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase .  your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives ,  so why do you ?  let's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch .  that's a great start to a sane life
really not sure why this book received such good reviews ,  because it had nothing new .   expected from the cover some reviews of outfits worn by different individuals pictured .very disappointed  .  .  .  and any  ( and all )  of the  " what not to wear "  books are so much better .   oh ,  sam ,  did mention it's better to hand wash cashmere ,  oh yeah ,  i already know that .
bought book flipped through for 5 minutes ,  found good use starting a woodfire .  all the info contained can be had for free on the internet .  if youve been trading more then 2 days you already know more then the scope of this boo
if hz's sensationalist title gives you pause ,  you're on to something .   the  " story "  preston narrates is ,  indeed ,  terrifying .   it is a story about disease ,  politics ,  epidemiology ,  history ,  geography .  .  .   so much could have been made of this story  ( and so much has been ,  by far more capable writers )  .   preston ,  it seems ,  is only capable of going for the jugular .   hz shows no evidence of research  ( it lacks even a trace of a bibliography )  ,  and attests little more than a rudimentary grasp ,  on the part of its author ,  of the history ,  epidemiology ,  or politics of ebola  ( no more than one might glean from any half decent article on the topic )  .   from its opening page stroll through the air-lock doors of a bio-containment research lab ,  to its closing page 'death-defying' romp through kitum cave  ( how very brave of you ,  rp !  )  ,  hz is in full pandering-for-the-cameras mode .   if this book was not a thinly veiled hollywood screenplay ,  i'll eat my proverbial hat .   even this might have been tolerable were preston a remotely thoughtful observer or a marginally adept writer .   hz is all cliches and lazy reporting .   it is an embarassment
bad paper ,  old advice .  just plain awful and a waste of money .
all i could think was ,   " damn ,  if i had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge ,  i'd never be depressed .  "  i don't know quite how to explain it ,  but i felt no empathy for him .  i only ended up feeling more depressed .  as a history of depression ,  the level of research was quite impressive .if you read prozac nation and wanted to punch her out ,  steer clear of this one as well
first a little background .  .  .  i'm 53 with a preteen son .  i'm not quite a luddite .   i make my living from an online business that i own and operate .  our  " big "  present to our son last xmas was a computer -- one he and i were going to build from scratch .  the main use of the computer was going to be video games and school work .  we gave our son a budget  ( not big by gamer pc standards )  to shop for the parts .i've read a few books recently on the gaming  " culture "  to better understand it .  this book came highly recommended from reviews here ,  so i read it .my reaction to the book ?  it took a while ,  but i finally realized it felt like i was reading a study paid for and prepared on behalf of the video game industry .  there are lots of great statistics ,  but rather flimsy rational defending extensive video game playing and how it's successfully preparing gamers to succeed in the future .i did learn a few things .  i got a dose of reality about why it seems like everyone under 35 plays video games extensively .  i see that the *gamer generation* has a lot to offer .  i also seriously wonder about the gaps in what they have to offer .a main thesis of the book is that gamers learn how to think and figure things out ,  because video games are about figuring out how to beat the game .  interesting ,  since by the examples cited ,  it mostly appears to be trial and error with no significant logic involved .  i call it learn by trying anything ,  as opposed to learn by thinking .  both have their place .supposedly ,  gamers are more willing to take  ( theoretically controlled )  risks as well .  somehow the authors see the dot . com boom  ( and bust )  as an endorsement of the future of business in the hands of gamers  ( who largely ran the dot . coms )  .  i see a different story than the authors from those days of yore .i could go on ,  but i think you get the point .  the book says little  ( nothing ?  )  about how video games are helping gamers learn math ,  science ,  or reading .  personally ,  i believe those skills/knowledge are much more important to a person's future than the ability to learn thru trial and error .maybe the conclusions of the authors will prove to be correct .  i hope so .  but personally ,  i'm concerned for any business that runs on the pure gamer mentality that i understand to be endorsed by the book .
since god is infinite goodness ,  we must conclude that the appearance of reckless divine cruelty is a delusion .   when we are comfortable ,  we are too shallow-minded to realize that we need god .   since god knows that he is the only thing that we really need ,  he inflicts pain upon us to wake us up to this fact .   so pain is god's megaphone .   if some people ,  such as the jews ,  try to love god without going through christ ,  it is not yet god - merely the best approximation their fantasy can attain .   hence poor god is forced to keep screeching at them through his megaphone .   but even people who try their hardest to love the true god ,  such as job ,  or c .  s .  lewis for that matter ,  cannot adore god as much as he wants to be adored ,  so he uses pain over and over again to  " plant the flag of truth within their rebellious souls .  "where does this notion of an infinitely good god come from ?   given mankind's painful existence ,   " an inference from the course of events in this world to the goodness and wisdom of the creator would be preposterous .  "   god had to reveal himself to mankind by revelation ;  thus it is in the likes of abraham and moses ,  who identified god as righteous ,  that all peoples are blessed .   lewis informs us that god expostulated with his own creatures on the basis of their own ethical conceptions -  " what iniquity have your fathers found in me ,  that they are gone far from me ?  "   one has to wonder if lewis has ever actually read the bible .   can anyone really deny that if a leader of today did exactly the sorts of things that abraham and moses did that they would be decried by all of sane mankind as monsters ?   i have never understood why ,  or how ,  i am supposed to pretend that this is not true .   of course ,  god is wiser than me ,  so if i could only see it from god's viewpoint ,  i would see that the butchery of whole populations ,  including babies and animals ,  was actually an act of love .   in mere christianity lewis condemns this line of reasoning in eastern religions as  " damn nonsense .  "   undoubtedly ,  we get the impression of a just and loving god through the teachings of christ ,  but the conviction that god is infinite goodness ,  omniscience ,  and omnipotence did not come from biblical revelation ;  it was developed by medieval christian philosophers by reasoning through extrapolation -- a process that lewis ,  rather inexplicably ,  deems impossible .lewis's insistence that people have free will needs to be examined .   even as he describes it ,  since we are born in sin ,  we cannot use free will to avoid sin ,  and most people are blind to their sin .   hence ,  it logically follows that there can be no free will without the ability of self-perception .   the evidence suggests that incessant pain ,  especially when inflicted upon children ,  destroys this ability .   abused children typically grow up to be abusers .   in my own case ,  i adamantly insist it was the drug ,  marijuana ,  which first gave me introspective ability ,  at the age of 23 .   prior to that moment ,  god knows that i had no free will .   free will is not a realized trait that we are born with ,  but a potential ability that requires a great deal of effort to develop .   in most people it remains largely dormant .   since free will is dependent on self-knowledge ,  the role of religion needs to be the development of introspective ability .   dogmatic adherence can only hinder this .lewis is at least honest enough to acknowledge evolution .   unfortunately ,  it is hardly possible to reconcile the notion of evolution of man from animals with his fairy-tale notion that animals only exist by destroying each other because they were corrupted by satan before man's appearance on earth .   somehow ,  the perfectly good  " paradisal man "  descended from animals already corrupted by satan .   lewis can be abominably silly sometimes .lewis is given to disjunctive ,  either/or ,  logic .   either the common human experience of supernatural awe is a mere twist in the mind with no biological purpose ,  or it is direct experience of the supernatural - a revelation .   i would once have scoffed at this ,  but a numinous vision of christ was the major turning point of my life .   the problem is that this revelation was not at all consistent with mere christianity .   according to lewis ,  the purpose of pain is to break our will ,  since it is our tarnished wills that keep us from god .   i had only recently come to realize that i had not had free will until my sense of self was awakened by an illegal drug .   i experienced christ in the very moment that i was cursing christ for demanding that i beg forgiveness for that which he was responsible .   albeit ,  at the time i was an atheist ,  and was only cursing at what i had been taught about christ .   i experienced christ as the core of my being ,  not as an entity completely separate from myself ,  and as an awakening of will ,  not a surrender .   lewis assures me that the feeling of being one with god ,  rather than a creature of god ,  is satan's ultimate deception .   but i have also experienced satan within myself .   if christ were not the core of my being ,  i would never have survived satan .   i know the difference .   i do not acknowledge that christianity has the authority tell me what my experience of god must be .i am a scientist by training ,  not given to superstitious credulity ,  however much like it what i have written above must sound .   in my attempt to make sense of my experience of christ and satan battling within my mind ,  i have come up with the following myth :   it is ,  at least ,  not completely unreasonable to assume that consciousness is an inherent quality of existence .   this consciousness would first be in a primordial state ,  probably in some way responsible for evolution ,  though not by anything like intelligent design by direct control .   there could be no distinction between good and evil ;  in fact the terms could have no meaning ,  until consciousness evolved to a complexity capable of self-awareness .   as self-awareness developed ,  so did awareness of pain and terror ,  and a rebellion against achieving a level of awareness capable of experiencing pain .   the human mind ,  as the vessel of consciousness experiences these antagonistic trends and ,  for whatever reason ,  tends to personify them as god and satan ,  or their various cultural equivalents .   what makes the christian god so detestable is his complete refusal to accept responsibility for anything .   satan can therefore be described as  " god's self-ignorance .  "   buddhists are apparently able to put themselves into the conscious state of inanimate matter ,  hence there insistence that good and evil are identical .   c .  s .  lewis tells us that  " it is not god's purpose that we should go back into that old identity .  "   i think i agree with him on this point .   mankind's goal must be to attain free will be becoming conscious of what we really are .( peter payne ,  author of captain california :   a young man's encounter with the evil within himself )
i wonder if im reading the same book the others are reading .  i'm on page 101 right now and it took me about 4 days to get this far .   ( i've gone through 3 clique books in a day ,  so it's not like i'm a slow reader )  the book is just so boring .  its like ive read all of this cr@p before !  so far sam had a graduation party at her dad's yacht ,  we hear about 2 new characters from a rival school who happen to be enemies of sam and her group and conveniently enough the two schools do something together ,  i forget what but it looks like it will be the opportunity for sam to get her revenge for getting poop smeared on her white jeans a few years back  ( eye-roll )  .  anna is incapable of taking care of herself at a time of crisis  ( her car gets rear ended by some cliche white trash woman )  so her dad's 'dont judge a book by the cover cliche' tatooed but hot new intern comes to rescue her ,  omg romance !   ( another eye roll )  ben is being a troll my guess is hes cheating on her ,  but seriously reading that chapter where they go on this really uncomfortable date just made me want to scream at the book !  it was so annoying .the only thing keeping me reading right now is the cammie storyline ,  i want her to confront her dad and find out what happened to her mom .right now im giving the book 2 stars ,  after i finish the book  ( if i ever do )  ill come back and edit this .  if anyone wants to take me out of my misery and tell me what happened to cammies mom ,  be my guest !  lol***edit*** it got a lot better after page 101 ,  the sam plot got developed  ( a bit overdone ,  tacky and stalkerish ,  i mean a life size cut out ?  a 100 cell phones ?  come on ,  what a waste of money .  she could have donated all that $$$ to some charity in peru and impressed her guy a lot more .  the cammie story is getting juicier ,  and parker may have a bona fide crush on sam .  i still think ben is a creep .  well i guess i wont spoiler everything lol .  i'm still not done yet .  ill continue this after i finish .***final edit*** after a good middle ,  the book took a nosedive .   the story of cammie's mother was horribly disappointing .  i officially hate ben now and im getting more and more sick of anna for even being into him .  what kind of guy tries to make a girl feel weird and uptight for thinking that sex between two people should be special ?  ?  ?  that just really turned me off .  the girl who wins a contest by wearing nothing but body paint to the party ?  ?  okay ,  this is a book that 12 year olds read ,  did we seriously need to hear that ?  the best way to get liked is to get naked ?sigh .  .  .  the two stars rating stands .  sorry
i am currently subjecting myself to finance curriculum at a quant-heavy ,  top-5 bschool .   this text was recommended for my intro cap markets class  ( although the prof didnt exactly use it in the class )  .i often used it to gain understanding of what was taught in class .   unfortunately ,  i found this book to be extremely painful .   it was verbose ,  overly complicated ,  hard to read ,  poorly organized & full of jargon .   while it is thorough in its coverage of capital markets & instruments ,  i found it to be nearly impossible to read .esoteric theories & mathematical proofs were introduced with little background ,  and often without insufficient detail to understand grasp .   but the jargon & vocabulary are what made the book so unreadable  .  .  .  trying to read a chapter in this book would literally consume 4-5 hours of my time .and forget about trying to use this book to do problemsets or assignments .  i could go on ,  but trust me ,  this book is bad  .  .  .  unless you already have a good intro & just want to use this as a reference
.  .  . uldrich makes big bucks on the public speaking circuit discussing nanotechnology .  .  . i suspect this book was published for no other reason than to provide some  " credentials "  to support the speaking engagements .  .  . his most recent books published since this one have been one about george marshall and another about lewis and clark -- real cutting edge technology there !  .  .  . nope ,  don't buy it
ultimately the ending was so outrageous that it took away from the rest of the story .  i would not recommend it to anyone for that reason .  i've already given my copy away .
first i have to admit ,  i only read 150 pages of this book .   that was all i could possibly stand .   life is just too short to waste on a book you don't enjoy reading .ballas ,  our main character ,  is a drunk and a scoundrel .   one is not sure whether they should root for or against him .   he is a vagrant ,  thief ,  and all around not so nice guy .   he steals a mysteriously beautiful gemstone ,  which sets into motion something .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i got too bored to stick around and find out what .the first 150 pages are filled with ballas being beaten within an inch of his life ,  coming to ,  healing enough to move on ,  only to be beaten within an inch of his life again .    ok ,  we get it ,  let's get on with the story .   i just got too bored to stay with this one folks .   maybe it got better ,  but to me ,  if an author can't write well enough to grab and maintain my attention ,  their book isn't worth my time .   there are too many great books out there .   read this one at your own risk ,  if you can stay awake through it ,  that is
this book is 'oragnized' into sections - getting started ,  organizing room by room ,  organizing finances ,  organizing time ,  organizing home life ,  and organizing transitions .who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - isn't that why i bought the book ?   the author takes 'plain and simple' to new heights .  .  . for example -  " to organize your refrigerator ,  start by uncluttering it .  "i was hoping for something with more substance .   there was nothing in this book that i didn't already know .   if you're looking for something very basic as far as what to do in your home .  .  . you will like this book
i am agreeing to the comment of  " e for effort "  on this book .this book describes the author's attemps to improve his condition and how he suceeded .  but he admits in his book that he is not sure which ones actually worked .  plus ,  the author also takes diabetes medications ,  along with other medicines and supplements .  my main concern is what worked for him probably won't work for someone reading this book .this book does not really provide a clear picture on what to do .  he made so many changes on the medications and supplements ,  it is hard to say what worked .one can find the general imformation presented in this book on  " diet "  ,   " exercise "  and  " stress management "   ( relating to clog arteries & heart diseases )  through the internet .  i didn't gain any new information by reading this book .the printing of this book is also done in a very strange way .the text is printed at the center ,  occupying only the center area with a lot of spaces around ,  so about half of the page is blank .
i was not impressed with this book .   it is just basic stuff .   i would have expected a more sophisticated analyis of financials from this publisher
i saw this book at a friend's shortly after seeing the movie .   i asked her if i could borrow it .   she said i wouldn't want to .   she'd been trying to read it for awhile ,  and didn't like it .   i decided to try anyway .   unfortunately ,  my friend was right .   this is a definite case of a movie being much better than a book .   i really liked the movie .   however ,  the book is too long and boring .   there are so many tangents in it that have nothing to do with the central story .   i can't believe i even finished it .   rent the movie-don't waste your time on the book
our book club read this last month and not a single member had anything good to say about this book .   as the facilitator ,  i was surprise by the consensus since we usually have at least one or two members who love the monthly selection .   the writing is disjointed to the point that ms .  krauss loses her reader .   then when she introduces the potential that many of the chapters might just be imaginary interactions between the characters ,  the reader is left extremely frustrated .   i really cannot imagine how ms .  krauss' novel has garnered so many stellar reviews
this book just rambles on and on and never seems to end .   i don't think i have ever been so disappointed in a book .   since i started to read it ,  i feel like i have to finish it .   i am just praying for that day to come soon .   i have to skip over entire paragraphs just to get through a chapter .   it is overwhelming proof that hippies should never write books
because you wait and wait ,  and then three don't turn up at once
who published these weak translations ?   yup ,  they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately .   how about using real paper ?   b&n needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start thinking about quality
so you pick up this book and read on the back cover the exciting quote about hemingway's ghost and you're ready to drop some cash ,  right ?   guess what--there's zero information about the hemingway haunting in this book !   in addition ,  old ataulfo of madrid has less words wasted on him than an asthmatic's version of handel's halleluja chorus .   instead ,  what's offered here is a rehash of old stories  ( and old theories about what ghosts could be )  with insipid ,  comic book illustrations .   why this is called a &quot ; field guide&quot ;  with its connotation of an exhaustive reference to every kind of manifestation of a particular phenomenon--be it birds ,  plants ,  or mushrooms--is yet another part of the mystery of why this book exists .   if you're a serious researcher of this subject ,  then pass this book up and seek hem's fetch elsewhere
the book jacket for  " the ruins "  offers a can't-miss premise :   a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger .   it's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach .   but 319 pages later ,  the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket .almost immediately ,  you'll notice that smith's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting .   however ,  despite the endless stream of words ,  his descriptions are often threadbare .   plus ,  there are no chapter breaks ,  which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue .next ,  the characters themselves begin to fall flat .   there are only really two couples to keep track of ,  and yet it's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them .   there is little to keep you interested in what they're doing or why they might be doing it .   smith's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts .   this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam .   by the end of the book ,  the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them .and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore ,  forget it .   aside from language barriers with the locals ,  there is no reason why this fantastical story couldn't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains ,  the saharan desert ,  or anywhere else .   the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico ,  archeology or mythology at all .ah yes ,  the danger posed .   well ,  i can't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that's how thin the plot is .   the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right .   suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is  ( and you'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do )  ,  it's a real eye-roller ,  as if to say  " i read this many pages for this ?  "  .by the time the story concludes ,  it's more irritating than suspenseful .   the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you'll start rooting against them .   eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action ,  but even aside from being misdirected ,  it's too little too late .this book could have been an adventure ,  a supernatural thriller ,  a survival tale ,  or a horror screenplay .   it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people's reactions to situations of extreme stress :   some take the lead ,  even enjoying the challenge ,  while others whither into a shell of hopelessness .   but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort .
i found this book to be pretentiously over complexified .  the relationship between object and surface has been aptly documented by many other art historians of the late 20thc .i think that fred has in this case over analysed too few works by the great artist ,  flag to me and many of the people i have discussed it with is far too complex a work for a man like orton to even vaguely comment on critically .  he appears to my other academic associates and i to be slightly out of his depth at this level ,  and in future would do well to perhaps abandon the bottle of gin which he is widely known to keep under his desk ,  and to consequently write something worthwhile and not liquer-induced .mr orton ,  i am not your fan .
please take the time to consider what kind of reader you are .   i hated this book .   it took me at least 6 months to read this because i could not force myself to read it .   but that being said i also hate stream of consciousness and now wished that i had looked at some reviews and realized that was what i was getting myself into .   i read 'as i lay dying' in high school and hated it too .   there is no plot ,  and no point .   i hated it .
i have a book of ross' by the same title ,  but the cover is different  ( remake ?  )  but most of my problems with his theology come from his advocation of the  " big bang theory "  which has numerous scientific problems  ( quantized redshifts to name one )  and serious theological implications .   if the big bang were true ,  then there were animals before man .  animals that lived and died .   the bible says that man's sin is the reason why we die and suffer .   if death was around before sin  (  " for the wages of sin is death "  )  then what good would jesus' death on the cross have been
how some people gave this book a five star review is way beyond me .   first of all ,  i'd just like to mention that this nice book gives you schematic diagrams using symbols and other things without explaining them first !  secondly ,  if you want to understand electronics it can only be assumed that you want to understand the physics behind it !  this book dedicates about a sentence to a paragraph to physics for each section .   horrible !  so basically ,  this introduction to electronics doesn't do a lot of introducing you to anything !  i'm on transistors right now ,  and i've spent days researching the physics of how they work on the internet ,  and guess what ?  it's using schematics i don't understand ,  and yet again i'm going to have to do more looking on the net .   this book is not worth it .   don't buy it !  just please ,  for your own sake ,  find another one .   also ,  half the book is dedicated to projects .   that is ,  actually building electronic circuits !  why didn't the author just entitle this ,   " how to build electronic devices "  ,  then ?  it's beyond me !  as far as explaining things are concerned ,  the book does very little ,  and assume you know more than you do .   unfortunately i'm going to have to end up buying another electronics textbook ,  because this one is just horrible .   i was really wanting to learn something from this book ,  but it's just not happening .   for every chapter i've read on this book i've had to do research on the net ,  and i'm sick of it .   i'm on pg .  154 ,  and i'm closing it .   do not buy this book !  i've already found a better book on amazon . com  ( just buy reading the table of contents !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  )  and i'm going to get it !
i enjoyed andy kessler's book about finance  ( wall st meat )  but this one is just silly .   it seems to show the wisdom of the old writer's saw about sticking with something you know about .   this book is like sitting in a bar listening to a drunken bore try to impress you with all the little bits and pieces he heard at a hospital that day .    i couldn't wait to get to the end so i could throw it out
leaving the racism issue aside ,  this is not a book for small children .  even if everything turns out ok in the end ,  i'm not prepared to expose my children to issues of capital punishment and the drowning death of a small boy .  small children forget the ending and focus on the scary parts in between .  perhaps i'm a softie ,  but let's allow them to be children and not worry about being wrongfully accused of murder and sentenced to death by beheading .  just because it's a classic doesn't make it appropriate reading .
i bought this book thinking that i would learn something new about the cosmetic industry .  not only did i not learn anything ,  i came away from the book wondering just how someone could've accumulated all of that information without being able to present it in a better way .this book is packed with non-scientific fluff  ( using ill-defined terms such as  " toxin "  and making blanket statements with no evidence such as  " scientists involved  [ sic ]  mechanical science--as i like to call it--do not understand plant science ,  but scientists ,  who know plant science ,  understand both  [ grammar and punctuation left exactly as in the book ]  .  "  )  about 60% of the book is packed with charts and glossaries .  and i have to say that this is the worst-edited book i have ever read ,  with constant typographical errors ,  misspellings ,  and apostrophe problems .  there just doesn't seem to have been a lot of thought put into the actual execution of this book .look ,  i am certainly this book's target audience--i shop at whole foods ,  use organic skin-care products and potions ,  and work out six times a week .  i care about my body and what i put into it .  but this book is not a good use of anyone's time or money ,  as all of its information can be found quite easily  ( and in most cases with better grammar )  on the internet .  you're better off buying _fast food nation_ if you'd like clear ,  concise information about what you're putting into your body
flynn offers up a fast-paced ,  if unbelievable story .   unfortunately ,  character development is paper thin and clearly portrays flynn's political preferences .   characters ,  like rapp ,  with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles ,  have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the  " real world "  works .   meanwhile ,  flynn's politicians  ( the majority of whom are democrats )  seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election .   while there are grains of truth in his characters ,  flynn consistently goes for the cheap ,  partisan stereotype .   i was looking for a well-developed political/military thriller .   i'm still looking .
found recipes dated ,  layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful ,  its generally from another era .  bought gourmet cook book instead
this was originally published in 1911 and promulgates the author's task management system .   this was the beginning of the  " scientific management "  line of research and so is widely credited as being the first management science book .   the essay certainly provides an interesting window into an earlier time .   he also illustrates how implementation of management tools requires leadership for success .   still ,  a reader shouldn't plan on taking away a great many lessons not available from other sources .   the book should appeal mainly to those specialists working in the field and to historians rather than most readers
the premise of this story started off smartly .  i was drawn in as a reader as case set up an unusaul plot where the protagonist is in russia to cover a minor story only to be pushed aside while his sources of information are taken away .  but from this point onwards the story becomes painfully predictable as time after time case takes the predictable rout .  finally the story completely falls apart and it was like when you watch one of those really bad action flicks where the hero saves the day time after time and its so stupid that you get a bad headache .i have read one other case book i think ,  his  " kingdome come "  that was written under a psudo name ,  or maybe case is the psudo name ,  i'm not sure .  but what i am trying to say here is that 'kingdome come' was much better than 'first horseman . ' its still a little corny ,  but it reads like a more contemporary ludlum
al gore is making a good road to tell us the facts on global warming  ,  but he is missing the fact that in 3-4 years we will have the new ice age coming and billion of people on earth will die and he is missing 40-60 % of the cause of the global warming .  the book is good and bad .  we can stop this global warming in one month .  but we cant' do it untill we will expose the real cause of it .  think about :  in one month we can stop it .  each month  (  in the next 2 years  ) we will postpone the truth is just bad .the movie is good and bad .is bad in 90% and good in 10% .  he put enormous work in it  ,  so many government agencies he is using for this  (  mostly )  but he is missing the main point .he will need to change that in the next movie and this is the main point .  as a government employee he will never be able to tell the truth .  is going to be all the time wixh wash .  .  .  .we will need to get this work from this stage and do it under an independent  (  no government involvement )  study .adria
who better to write a book about morons than flynn ?   an abyssmally miserable book with so little substance i was surprised it didn't float out of my hands .   it's a great resource for those looking for a plethora of examples of pitifully poor logic ;  two wrongs don't make a right ,  non-sequiturs galore ,  red herrings - they're all there .it seems apparent the goal was to scoop up the easy money from the thin thinkers in our world .   it certainly wasn't to write a scholarly treatise where the reader came away enlightened in the slightest way .i guess i have fallen into the category of  " moron "  by spending money on it and worse yet ,  reading it to completion .   i'm embarrassed .   flynn should be too
if the kranks really did what they set out to do and skip christmas ,  that would have been a good story .   the end .instead ,  they end up having to scramble to try & make christmas  " happen "  for their daughter unexpectedly coming home .   in other words - a typical stressful material holiday ,  instead of a celebration of friends ,  family ,  or even ,  gasp !  christ's birth .   i agree - if you don't want to celebrate christ's birth ,  if you don't want presents and holiday decorations and family time - skip it .   why torture yourself ?it would have been a good story if they did this .   instead ,  the plot deteriorated into a very stupid ,  ridiculous and unrealistic dash to the finish line of  " making christmas happen .  "a completely unsatisfying and unfunny read .   threw it away so others wouldn't have the displeasure of reading it
i must say that after reading this book ,  i am more confused than ever as to the origins of the war between japan and the us .the book starts in 1936 ,  although most knowledgable people know that the march to war really began with the japanese seizure of manchuria in 1932 .   the author continually repeats the refrain that  " americans don't understand the japanese mentality and culture "  ,  and it was this  " misunderstanding "  that led to the war .it is true that toland defines the japanese term  " gekokujo "  as being some sort of  " insubordination "  that led to the kwantung army to feel it could move ,  presumably without orders from tokyo ,  into manchuria .  however ,  toland does not explain how this could happen .  there is little description of the power structure in japan ,  we do know that there was some attempt to create parliamentary democracy ,  but there were also the giant oligarchs who had much power ,  plus the military hierarchy .   somehow ,  the military took control in the 1930's ,  but toland doesn't really say how .    he describes in detail the  " 2/26 "  uprising of young officers in 1936 ,  and how they were willing to kill without compunction ,  and how fanatical they were ,  yet we are then told that they opposed expansion into china ,  and that the repression of this coup attempt would lead to an expanded war in china .   i must say i don't understand this at all .  .  . toland potrays them as militaristic fanatics ,  yet they seem to be  " the good guys "  .   weren't those who supported expansion into china also militaristic fanatics ?   this is left totally unexplained .toland then goes on to describe the fatal  " incident at the marco polo bridge "  in 1937 near peking  ( beijing )  which led to the full-scale invasion of china .   toland says the government in tokyo ,  again ,  had nothing to do with it ,  in fact both the chinese and japanese commanders on the spot tried to calm things down ,  but some undefined  " hotheads "   ( possibly chinese communists )  kept inflaming the situation .  somehow  ( without toland telling us how )  ,  a decision is made by someone  ( not necessarily the  " peace-loving "  japanese prime minister prince konoye )  to mount a full-scale invasion of china .   an impression is left by toland that the chinese ,  particulary ,  the koumintang government of chiang kai-shek was provocative and unreasonable .   all i know is thatthat marco polo bridge is within china ,  and it is understandablethat the chinese would resent the japanese military presence there .after this ,  we move on to the atrocities of the  " rape of nanking "  ,  which again ,  according to toland ,   " somehow "  happens ,   ( toland does admit that there were atrocities and between 200 , 000 and 300 , 000 chinese were butchered by their  " brother asians "  who claimed to be liberating them (  ?  )  )  .  toland says the japanese commander at nanking did not order any such behavior ,  nor again ,  did the government in tokyo .   how then do thousandsof supposedly disciplined japanese troops suddenly get it into their heads to do such things ?   toland doesn't give us a clue ,  other than his general statement that  " westerners don't understand the japanese "  .  toland also ,  in a way ,  tries to claim that western opposition to japanese expansion into china was  " hypocritical "  because of western colonialism in east asia( us in the philippines ;  britain in hong kong ,  malaya ,  burma ,  india ;  dutch in east indies ;  french in indochina )  ,  however ,  by the 1930's the us had already agreed to give the philippinesindependence and the british were beginning to wind down the raj in india was setting up an autonomous indian government ,  so it wasapparent that colonialism was already on its way out before the war .all this makes me wonder about the various things he says in the book ,  and i would look for a better source on the tragic history of this period .  i have read his books on the end of both world war i and world war ii which are much better ,  so that adds to my disappointment
it certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in american society .  it seems to me that drucker spent too much time attempting to criticize marx ,  which was a complete failure .  drucker didn't even fully analyze globalization in its entirety .the only credit that should be given to this book is his analyzation of the american worker .  nonetheless ,  he offers a limited viewpoint on all aspects of society .  look elsewhere if you want to get a better understanding of where our world is headed and what state we are in .  drucker neglects the whole and simply accepts what backs his own perspective
i bought this book but should have listened to my gut feeling .  .  . look at the picture of the  " forever cool "  ms mathiesonon the cover .   she keeps saying get rid of the glasses in the  " before "  pictures but she should take her own advice .the before pictures of women are so bad that  " duh "  the after pictures do look better .   however the over-all impression is that the book  " teaches "  you how to dress so you blend in in suberbia ,  not how to be individually stylish or dress to look like anything except someone with a credit card who went to the local shopping mall and bought whatever was socially acceptable .
i am supposed to get 16th edition ,  instead i received 15th edition .  the book was completely changed from the previuos editio
my name is big samad sefiane ,  i have been writing screenplays and making music since the age of 13 .  the only problem with thatbook which came out in feb .  2004 is very much a like my screenplay i have written and copyrighted before he released his book .  i wouldn't rate a book ,  singer or songwriter who takes other peoples ideas and mixes it with his work .  the book is too much similar to my screenplay entitled hackers .  after sept .  11 ,  2000 mail slowed down and it took me a year to copyright my screenplay .  the screenplay as visible on the internet and also sent to strattford career institute for editing .  the similar scripts will be reviewed by an entertainment attorney
my problem was that these books were missing chunks of pages !   we didn't notice it until book 4 of 6 ,  but 80+ pages were gone !   now ,  amazon was great about replacing the set adn paying for me to return the messed-up set .   this is just a warning to check your boxed set when it gets in for missing chunks of pages !of course ,  the harry potter series is great ,  adn we love having them in paperback
" the most anticipated book in the history of poker !  "  exclaims a blurb on the cover .   well ,  if so ,  i can tell you that a lot of people have been ,  or are going to be ,  very disappointed .   comparing the classic super/system from 1978 with this book is ,  to paraphrase mark twain ,  like comparing lightning to the lightning bug .this book is more of a tribute to doyle brunson than it is  " a course in power poker .  "   johnny chan writes a fairly vacuous preface in which he lauds brunson ,  but doesn't say anything about how to play .   then we have brunson's introduction in which he tells us mostly about the contributors to the first super/system .   next there is an autobiographical sketch by brunson entitled ,   " my story .  "    ( if you want a book that gives the real flavor of brunson's  " story ,  "  get a copy of according to doyle  ( 1984 )  .   it contains 47 chapters in which brunson recalls his early days and life on the road .  )following  " my story "  is a short history of texas hold'em by crandell addington which isn't much ,  and then there is the first chapter that could actually be considered part of a course in power poker .   this would be 43 tips from mike caro cribbed from his lectures and books .   however the tips are hardly  " exclusive "  for supersystem2 as claimed .   beginning with caro's cute but now very familiar ,   " in the beginning ,  everything was even money ,  "  most or all of the tips have been recycled .   for example ,  tip #18 ,  page 146 ,   " when a frequent bettor checks to you .  .  . don't bluff "  is just about the same as tip #10  " seldom bluff if frequent bluffers have checked into you "  found on page 137 in caro's fundamental secrets of winning poker  ( 1996 )  .   in fact caro even recycles his  " exclusive "  tips in this very book .   tip #31 says that players staring away .  .  . are almost always more dangerous than players staring at you ,  "  while tip #40 says in part that  " opponents are more likely to bet or raise if they are :   .  .  .  ( 3 )  staring away .  "jennifer harman's chapter on limit hold'em is so ordinary that it's remedial .   there's not even a hint of anything new .   there are a number of books on the market that cover the same ground much more thoroughly .   i especially recommend small stakes hold'em :  winning big with expert play  ( 2004 )  by ed miller ,  david sklansky and mason malmuth or anything by sklansky .   also her insistence on referring to hands backwards ,   " 6-7 "   ( e . g .  ,  on p .  252 )  instead of  " 76 "  is annoying and contrary to a well-established convention .and the caricatures by russ braun !   they are so bland and flattering that each may have passed prior inspection by the subject's mother .   comparing these to the witty and sharp work by stan hunt in the original is like comparing a cliche to something alive and vital .   brunson doesn't even look like himself .   here he's just a generic ,  smiling ,  dough boy kind of guy--except in the small ,  clever ,  lifelike drawing gracing page 7 which was drawn by stan hunt ,  copied from the first book .good are the chapters on omaha and stud eight-or-better .   however ,  although brunson has bobby baldwin billed as his author of the omaha eight-or-better chapter ,  actually it was written  ( as acknowledged )  by mark gregorich .   he does a good job of introducing the game and giving some of the strategies ,  and i'm sure he is a fine player ,  but what about bobby baldwin ?   well ,  as ceo of mirage corporation and president of the bellagio hotel and casino ,  bobby is far ,  far too busy to write the chapter himself .   so he just lent his name and his supervision .   can you spell r-i-p-o-f-f ?perhaps the most embarrassing part of the book is doyle's chapter on no limit hold'em .   it is little more than a reprise of the same chapter in the first book published 28 years ago .also recycled is the section on  " colorful names of various hold'em hands "  on pages 628 and 629 .   the dated references to raquel welch  (  " 38 "  )  and broderick crawford  (  " 10-4 "  )  seem more than a little out of touch .   indeed ,  this book is nostalgic tribute to brunson and the great success he and the original book achieved .   and that is a shame ,  because this book is billed as an exciting event in the history of the publication of books on poker when in fact it is something hastily put together to flatter brunson and ,  hopefully ,  the pocketbook of those involved .one final thing :  there is a glossary ,  suitable for beginners ,  which is okay as it defines such things a  " deuce ,  "   " flush ,  "   " four of a kind ,  "  etc .  ,  but seems a little basic for  " a course in power poker .  "   worse though is this definition of a  " cold deck "  :   " a term often used to describe the deck by players who feel they're not getting enough playable or winning hands .  "   players may indeed remark that  " the deck is cold ,  "  but the origin of the term comes from the fact that a stacked deck used by cheaters that is switched into the game tends to be  " cold "  to the touch since it has not been handled since it was stacked .bottom line :  pass
just a reminder that this guy cheated on his wife around the same time clinton was being pounded for his indiscretions .sean hannity ,  early in his book  " let freedom ring "  reminded us of how bill clinton tainted the office of the presidency and then not two paragraphs later noted how morris was a good friend of his  ( hannity's )  and then led into negative opinions on morris of clinton .   didn't bother to mention anything about morris doing the exact same thing- and this little worm woulda lied with his palm on the ark of the covenant so don't give me  (  .  .  .  )  about the lame@ss lying under oath republican punk .    (  .  .  .  )  hyprocrite !
i agree with one of the earlier reviewers headlines ,  that was something like &quot ; just ok ,  not great . &quot ;  i've been working w/ server 2003 for a while now ,  and from my work experience ,  i knew certain things in the book were kind of being glossed over that really needed more coverage .  i would read each chapter ,  read the summaries ,  take all the practice questions ,  and be left with this nagging feeling that the book was not really preparing me completely for what i'd face on the exam .  unfortunately ,  i was right ,  and i just missed passing the exam .  this book isn't terrible ,  but just be sure you use some additional resources and that you have some good work experience also
there were several good scenes ,  but they didn't make up for the rest of the book .   not worth reading .
i was expecting a substitute for the classic  " photoshop channel chops "  by monroy and friends .   it trivializes the subject with  " how to unlock the hidden power of channels  .  .  .  blah blah .if you want a better understanding of channels be prepared to wade through a lot of fluff with this one .   infomercial .
i've enjoyed johansen's books for years ,  but this one was awful .  .  . i'm beginning to wonder if she's using a ghost writer .   totally ridiculous plot ,  trite dialogue .  .  . i lost count of the times she used the phrase  " sophie said through her teeth .  .  .  "   i was beginning to wish someone was pulling my teeth rather than having to read this book .   johansen is capable of so much better than this !   i'm praying she isn't falling into the nora roberts/danielle steel/james patterson habit of churning out the same old tired fodder just to meet a publisher's deadline
all i could think was ,   " damn ,  if i had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge ,  i'd never be depressed .  "  i don't know quite how to explain it ,  but i felt no empathy for him .  i only ended up feeling more depressed .  as a history of depression ,  the level of research was quite impressive .if you read prozac nation and wanted to punch her out ,  steer clear of this one as well
do yourself a favor - don't waste your time with this book
two main comments .   firstly ,  the book is mistitled or i misread the meaning of the title and i would be delighted to return it .   this is a book devoted primarily on how to make your dog perform  " tricks "  with much on showmanship .   i have no interest in that but i do have an acute interest in dog obedience relative to the master's care of their puppy and mature dog .   problems handlers encounter in  " greeting "  of your dog with other dogs and people .secondly ,  the book ,  as written ,  talks down to the reader and unless you have had some professional experience with dogs ,  you feel very unqualified to read on .   i felt intimidated by it .
this book was suggested reading as if &quot ;  the great secret to personal freedom&quot ;  was going to be revealed .  it spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that i was to live my life how i wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me .  a very simplistic and selfish point of view
i wanted to cry when i put this book down because i miss the danielle steele that wrote 'thurston house' ,  'family circle' and others .   for years now i have felt that she is simply putting out books because she is contractually obligated to by her publishers .   i really feel like her heart just isn't in it anymore .   she has become very idiosyncratic and predictable .   every book has her main character 'being honest . ' i keep reading because i am a loyal danielle steele fan and i write this in hopes she'll read it and either decide she is writing because she loves it  ( like she once did )  or decide to retire and let us love her through her earlier works .   this book was just awful .
i read exactly half the book and stopped .   based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending ,  that was a good decision .   as it is there went hours of my life i won't get back !   the book is silly and laughable .   the premise sounded great - but the book is bad .   really bad
this book is very disappointing .  the writing is terrible and rather amateurish .  the writer bored me ,  maybe something's lost in translation from french ,  i don't know .   i already knew the killer the first time he was introduced in the book ,  although the writer tried to create red herrings which did not work .  mara sounds stupid ,  immature and inconsistent .  skip this book ,  it's not worth your time .  peter mayle's mysteries set in france are way much better that this .  at least his novels have sense of humor ,  suspense ,  very interesting characters and most important ,  they are very well written
the book mentions mannatech  ( notice the &quot ; manna&quot ;  ?  )  and its product ambrotose .   snake oil ,  sugar pills !   not backed by scientific studies .   all claims are anecdotal ,  i . e .  ,  are faith-based .   mannatech products are peddled to the hopeful ,  the desperate ,  the last-chance-for-me's ,  and so this is not only doing a disservice to others ,  but is preying on people's weakness .   the company is set up like other pyradmid-schemed companies ,  using &quot ; associates&quot ;  to  pump its sugar pills ,  costing consumers a lot of money .   folks ,  there is no instant solution in a pill .   the associates make claims for cleft lip ,  down syndrome ,  obesity ,  all the terrible things human beings must bear in this world ,  and offer a pill made up of sugar to combat what is essentially a natural ,  human state .   in new zealand and australia ,  the govts .  are looking into mannatech .   beware !   the sugar pill recipe came in an inspiring moment to a scientist when in prayer to god .   excuse me ,  but while i believe in the power of prayer ,  i do not believe god drops manna-pills from heaven .   god expects us to do our work ,  namely ,  don't overeat ,  live with that cleft lip ,  get some exercise ,  eat your vegetables and fruits ,  read good literature and enjoy the sunlight
i agree completely with the becksted review  ( i also noted that it was helpful ,  but i meant it would have been helpful had i read it before i bought the cd )  .this refers to the cd version .   i did listen all the way to the end ,  i kept thinking there was going to be something ,  but continued to be disappointed .i found the analogizes to be strained beyond usefulness  ( evaluating someone's integrity by the size and shape of the wake they create .  .  .  are their people waterskiing on it ?  )it seems to be politically incorrect to come out in opposition to  " integrity "  in this day and age ,  but frankly this book didn't help me much .
not insightful ,  not even humorous .  i am willing to admit that maybe i just don't get his writing style ,  whatever that might be .  i hope mr .  rakoff gets into a new line of wor
just not my cup of tea .   well written but as i said not my cup of tea .  . i will not purchase the others in the series
one can't be sure that this book isn't deliberately exploiting a cynical belief that most business books are so bad ,  that if this weren't crappy ,  it wouldn't sell .  even for someone who believes in csik's theory of flow ,  this book is a no-win blow-out .  instead of making clear statements backed by evidence ,  the book's tone and presentation are mere editorializing assertions .  there is no reason to read this ,  when his original popularization ,  flow ,  more carefully and clearly summarizes csikszentmihalyi's interesting research .
this is yet another book where anyone who passed a high school bio class will know is crap .   [  .  .  .  ]  he seems to have found a devoted crew of morons who believe that he really can cure all .    if you ever go to one of their conventions ,  you'll know that its amway for stupid soccer moms with allergic kids .
didn't care for this book at all .   if you want to learn about stephen king you'd be much better off reading or listening to his book &quot ; on writing . &quot
this textbook is more useful for the flashy  ( and admittedly very good )  teacher's ancillaries .  but this review is not for the ancillaries .  it is for the text itself .the text's treatment of proofs is very cursory and not rigorous enough .  the diagrams for the algebraic problems are too confusing ,  compiling numerous different concepts into one problem .  while i agree that students must learn to differentiate one property/theorem/rule/postulate from another ,  it doesn't make sense that most ,  instead of some ,  diagrams are over-complicated .  personally ,  i don't like the format with the examples ,  mainly because it downplays the necessity for students to become literate in math ,  not just a good  " example comparer .  "  the text has little actual text to speak of .i have not been teaching hs for very long ,  but i do not like this book .  i am not a textbook dependent teacher ,  but i do  ( woefully )  recognize that students have poor study skills and don't reference notes all the time .  i do not teach out of the textbook and i spend many hours planning lessons ,  lecture notes ,  my own examples ,  etc .  i had many complaints that the problems were confusing ,  included too many ideas at the same time ,  etc .  some may be successful in  " teaching themselves "  from the examples ,  but i am very disappointed that textbooks no longer have text .  i may be a math teacher ,  but i understand the importance of reading and how it helps a person to process the material .on the other hand ,  the teacher resources is a great set of worksheets ,  study masters ,  note taking guides ,  etc .  perhaps the authors spent more time on those resources instead of the text .
i have never read one of johansen's books and after reading this one ,  i'm not likely to read another .   i usually enjoy reading pretty much any type of mystery and am not a literary critic by any means ,  but i just couldn't get into the story here because of the flowery and cliche-filled writing .   exclamations such as  " dear heaven "  and  " lord "  were repeated over and over again by all characters throughout the book ,  which doesn't seem to fit with the rest of their conversational tone  ( it would suit my southern grandma ,  however )  .   as another reviewer said ,  the big mystery of why daisy wouldn't leave geneva wasn't particularly mysterious - if she really wanted jason to leave she could have just told him .   character development was lacking and i just didn't care that much about them .   i would have liked to hear more about cynthia and her antics .   i did finish the book because i was curious to know what happened ,  but i couldn't wait for it to be over .   sorry ,  but this was not my cup of tea
i really thought i would be able to learn about the philadelphia project from this book ,  considering the title .  however ,  the actual project doesn't make an appearence until the last chapter .  the entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place .this book was disappoiting to an extreme .
the book starts out captivating then it suddenly shifts to elkinks views of painting ,  that are strongly bent to the favor of abstractionist .   elkinks thoughts on jackson pollocks creative energy is more than i wanted to know .   he devots almost an entire chapter to this already to small book ,  to his idol .   how pollock flicks his wrist to get the effect of splated paint just right and pollocks tourched stance over his works as the canvis is lying on the floor . to much !   i do not recommend this little book
although dead soul begins quite decently and surprisingly for doss ,  who has a tin ear for dialogue ,  dearly loves a cardboard character ,  and has no sense of plot ,  it rapidly and unsurprisingly disintegrates into a mangle of missed opportunities .since most plot reveals take place off scene ,  you have no idea what's going on until the end where charlie tells all .  is this supposed to create suspense ?  does doss even realize how ridiculous this is ?  does he have an editor ?  can the editor read english ?  now these are real questions for charlie to answer
it is juust a copy of the frist book .  if you read the frist the world is flat ,  then don't waste your time .jo
ms .  reichs has lost the recipe ,  or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to cross bones .  although not nearly as bad as p .  cornwell's last two or three misfires ,  reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here .  in this offering ,  temperance is out of character ,  out of both style and focus ,  and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous ;  a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product .  even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice reichs has maintained in her many brennan novels .  having finally given up on cornwell ,  after many years ,  i'll hang in there for one more temperance brennan dig ;  everyone is entitled to one gong
it has the potential to be a great book if the author had taken some time to actually look into each breed .  the  " canadian eskimo dog "  is now referred to as the canadian inuit dog out of respect for the inuit people .  he has the dog's height wrong ,  and the weight range is much too high .  this leads me to conclude that if there were that many errors on one dog breed ,  who's to say that it's not wrong on other breeds too ?i was quite disgusted and mad to see the  " designer dogs "  put as purebred dogs .  labradoodles ,  bichon/yorkies ,  cockerpoos ,  and bull boxers are not purebred dogs .  they are mixes given a fancy name and sold for staggering amounts of money .the first few chapters on the history of the dog is quite fascinating though ,  and the pictures are nice .  if you need an all-in-one book and don't mind many errors ,  this is a great book for you .  if you're like me ,  go down the road of buying a better dog encyclopedia and different books on different subjects rather than this faulty all-in-one
i found the book thought-provoking ,  but there is more to philosophy than provocation .  the common underlying argument of this book ,  and its only valid statement as ethics ,  is that since the only purpose of ethics is to regulate human behavior ,  the ethics society adopts should reflect the kind of society we want to live in .  this results-oriented approach is all very well ,  but singer doesn't really build upon it through any legitimate philosophical argument .  virtually all of singer's arguments about particular issues rest upon emotional premises that the reader either does or does not accept .  if you accept the premise you are likely to find at least some merit in the argument ;  if you don't accept the premise ,  its impossible to follow along to any useful conclusion .  in short ,  these are not ethical writings but the political writings of someone who is too smart for standard political discourse and not interested in limiting his thoughts to philsophy as a discipline .  how useful you find this is up to you .  i personally don't know singer from adam and had not received any prior indoctrination about how groundbreaking he was before i picked up the book ;  as a result ,  i have trouble seeing what people are so excited about
while the author rehashes some basic business writing theory ,  she consistently fails to follow her own rules :- the text is full of fluff- the style is flippant instead of useful- the lecture style puts you to sleepthere are much better books on the subject .  a textbook approach is necessary for this subject .  not this dopey-run-on-crap .
i heard all of these great things about this book etc .  .  .  .  .  .  so i got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down .  i can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that i did not find at all entertaining .  the  " bowel movement "  chapter was totally repulsive .  i found it self indulgent ,  he had a crappy upbringing ,  that does not make for a good book
as a long time fan of nicholas sparks ,  i was a little disappointed in this book .   the potential for it to be a great story faded when it became about these two characters and nothing more .   the entire book takes place in this little bed and breakfast and lacks the support of any minor characters .   there just wasn't enough going on in this book to keep my attention .sparks's writing is beautiful as usual ,  but the plot for this story just didn't impress me the way his other stuff did .   if you are looking for a great nicholas sparks read ,  try the rescue
i love linda howard books .   i always look forward to her releases and this book was a gross disappointment to say the least .   i think the characters are not developed well ,  and the relationship between cal and cate occurred too fast .   the story was rushed and i'm sure linda could have done much better writing on this book .
if you look at the march 2004 issue of the international association of bloodstain pattern analysts ,  you'll find a very negative review of this book .  given that the reviewer  ( herbert leon macdonell ,  the director of laboratory of forensic science  bloodstain institute of corning ,  new york )  and all members of iabpa actively work in the field of forensics ,  i'd take their word for it .  here's an excerpt from the review ,  which can be found on the web at http : //www . iabpa . org/march2004news . pdf" many fine books have been written on the general subject of forensic science but this is not one of them .  it only takes reading the first page for the reader to discover that this book is not going to be a source of accurate forensic information .  "the reviewer goes on to say :"  .  .  . the frightening aspect is that lay persons who purchase such garbage are unaware of how inaccurate the things they are reading really are .  it is unfortunate that there are publishers out there who will print a manuscript without having some form of peer review to determine whether there are a few minor errors or is it so bad like this book ,  that they should trash it .
i am a bright student and have a gpa of 3 . 86 .  this book is completely useless for class .  i reread the chapters and it simply does not make sense .   i found the internet to contain more useful information .   this book should not be used in any introduction to philosophy classes .  it is much too complex .  if you are attending classes at wiu ,  i would skip the purchase of this book and rely on the internet for your assignments
this book irritated me on many levels ;  not that the writing was poor or the plot weak .  in fact ,  the plot ,  the premise ,  the writing were good--unfortunately the characters didn't pull it off or keep me interested because they were all kinda indifferent or unlikable .i read somewhere the number one reason people keep reading a work of fiction--regardless of plot--is because they care about someone in the book .in this book ,  i was hoping they would all drown by the end of the story .  .  .
this is not one of lonely planet's best guides .   there is suprisingly little information .   for example ,  the book mentions that there are a few companies that give day tours from rekyavik but doesnt tell you anything about how they compare in price or services .   basically ,  everything in the guide and more can be found at the tourist information center in rekyavik ,  which luckily is run very well .   i found this really disappointing since iceland is very expensive and i was hoping to keep down costs  ( in reality this is almost impossible ,  even eating at the grocery store i was spending 10 dollars a meal for bread and cheese )  furthermore ,  iceland is a very small country and it would have been very easy to have given a lot more details .as with any tour book some of the info is out of date .   some of the museums and businesses were closed including the icelandic phallogical museum .   it also seemed that this book was written for the high season in the summer months .   i went in march and found the information on the offseason limited and sometimes inaccurate .   i usually trust lonely planet but in this case i would have tried one of the other guide book companies or simply visit the tourist center when you get there .
i do not think the man who  " translated "  the koran here is a true muslim .  one cannot shuffle and reorder the suras to suit one's own taste .  this man does not have the right to mess up our holy book in this way .  plue the style of writing is not nearly as engaging as the ali version .  i have not been in a mosque yet that had this version of the koran on its shelves .  you can go into any mosque in this country and pick up a copy of the ali tranlation for free .  why waste your money on this infidel sham version ?
i recently picked up a copy of mage :  the awakening not knowing quite what to expect .  since ars magica i've loved mage .  from gurps i quickly switched over to white wolf's editions of mage :  the ascension ,  finally setting on the revised copy most commonly used on game sites today .mage :  the ascension revised was truly a delight ,  featuring a complexity never seen before in role playing games .  a complexity that made working magic truly fun ,  sure there were flaws ,  without a good storyteller you could easily abuse the open ended magic system to do absolutely anything you wanted .  .  .  but it was a good price to pay for flexibility ,  interesting possibilities and an all around great rp system .is it fair to compare mage :  the awakening with mage :  the ascension revised ?  of course not ,  the game has to be based on its own merits and flaws .  the problem is that this game seems to suffer from a lack of creativity which pervades the rp modern rp market .  it also seems to be marketed toward a very specific audience .with the exception of some really interesting rp books  ( white wolf's translation of  " engel "  from the german ,  a role playing experience distinct onto itself and wholly creative ,  and  " demon :  the fallen "  - which was unfortunately a flop and still managed to be creative )  ,  rp books are typically very bland and all the same .mage :  the awakening is no different .  unfortunately it tries to blend easy mechanics with simple spells as though past mage books have been too complicated  ( which they haven't ,  unless the new world of darkness market is much younger than they previously were .  .  .  which is a possibility ,  or perhaps they aren't interested in realistic depth so much as they are just having quick fun )  .there is absolutely nothing culturally significant about the mage :  the awakening game system .  if you enjoyed the buddhist ,  hindu ,  the various forms of christian ,  judaic and other religious outlooks being present in your game system ,  mage :  the awakening takes a step back from the pluralism/intellectually stimulating material found in its predecessors and offers a quick ,  fun system with no lasting appeal .the background story of mage :  the awakening is simply terrible .  sure reviews constantly pick on atlantis ,  but for a good reason :  there's simply nothing else to pick on !  the awakening is simply devoid of any depth whatsoever ,  but what it does do is provide some interesting magic rotes  ( spells )  instead .another problem is that there are no antagonists .  in previous mage games there were antagonists you could use or not use depending on your game .  in awakening they don't even offer any choices .  this game is obviously less popular online and more popular in tabletop settings  ( online ,  where depth is usually called for ,  mage :  the ascension is still used quite frequently )  .some positive qualities about the book are that it has an excellent production value and it provides a concrete game system to play with .  provided you had an excellent storyteller present with lots of storyline ideas ,  you might have a fun tabletop session .  but quite frankly aside from the production value i can't recommend this book .  the largest problem of all is that it simply has nothing distinctive about it .  .  .  nothing to make it stand out and be worth playing over previous game systems .in an age of simplicity please do yourself a favor and have a little patience and find yourself a good storyteller .  go back and read the books that made this one sell like hotcakes - buy the  " real "  mage books - if you still want to ,  pick up a copy of the awakening and somehow incorporate it in your game
this book is not as good as i thought it would be .   i hope i have better readings with bryan tracy's advance selling
it is sad that this is what passes for political commentary now .   coulter's work demonstrates exactly the potential danger for degrading society and disdain for thinking that people like ms .  coulter piously/hypocritically rail against .   she will happily take the same formula to the bank time and again .   why must political discussion turn to childish name calling in order to convince self-selected audiences of something they already want to believe .    pitiful rants here .   if you are in it for fun or don't care that you are getting a skewed ,  sensationalist opinion ,  maybe you should read a few paragraphs of this in the book store .   but for something better ,  why not go for an intelligent book that takes an even handed ,  analytical approach ,  rather than buy into the opinions of a new breed of political analyst  ( on both right and left )  that race to produce the most extreme charactures of any political philosophy they do not happen to agree with .
some times it is nice to have a book that points out the obvious .  you can be too close to a problem to notice the obvious .  unfortunately this book is too obvious .  and it is all fluff with no substance .  wait you say .  this is a design book what do you want ?  code ?   i really wanted design .  so where is it ?  between the pages that tell how to use exotic tools to do what html can ?  or is it between the lines that keep emphasizing speed ?  or is it that this is one big advertisement for the contributors ?  oh well ,  it makes you look scholarly to have this book on the koffee table
well ,  i thought that the book was coming .  when i did not arrive at the last possible date i emailed and was told it was on backorder .   they did let me get a refund which was nice .   i would use them again for that reason alone .
this book could have been written in 200 pages instead of 400 if james frey did not repeat himself a million times .although ,  the book is based on fictional characters the author could have developed the characters more by including more of the occupants from the treatment facility and told their individual stories to make the story flow and make the book more interesting instead of being so repetitive .this book however ,  did shed some insight on what addicts go through during detox .he could have been less descriptive in the sections where he described getting sick and throwing -up ,  and the very graphic descriptions he gave when taking his stitches out ;  even though his tactic was to show how brave he was ,  the reader could tell that it was all in his addictive mind !this book would be an encouragement for someone who is an addict and need something to pull them into reality to show them that they can kick their addiction and change their life before it is too late ,  like it almost was for james .it was just an okay book and we hope james frey's next book will be much more interesting
judging by the long reviews before me ,  it should be obvious that there is much to say about calvin's theology .   this book doesn't say too much .   for those familiar with his theology ,  don't buy this book .   it will be a waste of your money .   for those who would like to know more about calvin's theology ,  without getting caught in mid 16th century language or too deep into theology ,  buy this .   if you want a good in depth coverage of calvin's theology ,  buy the full version and enjoy
throughout my read ,  my head kept shaking with disappointment .   if the &quot ; renaissance&quot ;  of hard sf relies on stories a full decade ,  even two decades ,  old ,  then the genre's future is feebly fixated on its past .   not to say that some of the stories here aren't wonderful  .  .  .  emphasis on &quot ; some . &quot ;   but dredging dead decades to claim a rebirth of hard sf fails to deliver on the title's promise .   this is more nostalgia than renewal ,  and you should read a library-borrowed copy if you want to reminisce about great writers past/passing .   but don't drop any real money expecting a glimpse into sci-fi's future
the first few chapters have built the anticipation for a good strategy to learn  ,  however ,  there were no formulas ,  nothing to learn .book talks about theories about market timing with no proof .i wouldent take it seriously as i though
this book is essentially about how culture is used to promote the interest of stronger ,  imperial powers .   said condemns intellectuals in the west who in his eyes are  " agents of exploitation "  .   yet said himself is an agent of racism .a pan arabist ,  he always supported arab unity and  " islam "  at the expense of non-arab and non-moslem peoples .   said directs and manipulates the western taste for self criticim ,  and all that does is deflect the world's attention from arab and moslem attrocities committed against christians ,  kurds ,  jews ,  israelis ,  coptic christians ,  non-arab sudanese ,  etc .thus ,  reading said ,  you would never realize that sadam hussein's poisoning of the kurds has never been condemned by one arab intellectual or leader .   this is because a racist prevalent attitude in the arab mind is that the entire middle east should be arab .   this also explains the attitude towards israel ,  a country that is predominantly non-moslem and speaks a middle eastern language other than arabic .the pity is that said himself is a christian ,  yet he never spoke on behalf of coptic christians in egypt ,  or the right of christians to practice their faith in saudi arabia and probably other places in the arab world .   he is facilitating the overall aim of panarab nationalists by distracting the west from what is happening in the arab world .for a better understanding of relations between the west and islam ,  i recommend books by bernard lewis ,  such as  " the moslem discovery of europe "  and the  " jews of islam "  .   i also recommend books by the egyptian scholar and jewish refugee yael bat yeor ,  such as  " the dhimmi "  .
there isn't much i can add to previous reviews of civilziation and its discontents .  my own reaction  ( after 2 cracks at it ,  one in college ,  and one post- )  is one of bafflement and boredom .  with academic ,  convoluted language ,  freud discusses the role of the individual with his neuroses and his conflicts with socialization and civilization .  many of his jumbled sociological observations are better recorded by previous thinkers--rousseau ,  for example .  his psychological conclusions have more or less been explored at length in his previous works .  therefore ,  the redeeming value is found ,  perhaps ,  in freud's closing passages ,  eery portends of europe's ugly years
so ,  being a fan of all forms of literature ,  more specifically challenging [ faulkner ]  ,  pretentious [ d . h .  lawrence ]  and original [ kafka ]  works ,  i was surprised at how long it took me to get around to reading what's considered pynchon's most imporant work .important 40 years ago ,  perhaps ,  but the test of time has totally obliterated the supposed wit in this one .   oh man ,  the radio station is kcuf ,  boy ,  that's incredibly clever ,  i bet it's ,  like ,  something spelled backwards .   i fully understand what pynchon was trying to accomplish with this work ,  to skewer extreme right wing nut jobs ,  among other things ,  all while giving us a story with no particular plot ,  no moral ,  no message .   i can understand it ,  but it doesn't mean it's worth my time ,  i didn't even finish it .   i read about half and then just dropped it to the floor .i've read in numerous reviews of haruki murakami's work that he's a latter day ,  japanese ,  pynchon .   i don't agree ,  murakami's ability to create a surreal dream-like atmosphere is amazing ,  pynchon is a hack
this book was advertised as though it would be valuable for any professional .  this is absolutely not the case .  this book covers very ,  very basic guidelines and does so in an overview type fashion .  i would recommend this book for college graduates or those who are employed at entry level jobs and are seeking advancement
i usually read stephen king for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well .  i've read three previous king books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror ,  doom ,  and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story .   this one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative .  and this is exactly what  " insomnia "  is .  this isn't a spoiler ,  just the author's note :  at the end of the book we read sep .  10 ,  1990- nov 10 ,  1993- three years in which king took to write this book .   three years which were evidently wasted .the other king books i've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification .    " insomnia's "  ralph roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with .   he is strong ,  kind ,  has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable .  his counterpart lois chasse doesn't come across as identifiable .  instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with ralph .  king doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters .   other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable ,  like ed and helen deepenau ,  the three bald doctors ,  and ralph's numerous confidantes .then there's the whole abortion mess .  this central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story .  though king does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via detective leydecker  ( albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant )  ,  it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device .i gave the book two stars because i am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal .  the devices were obvious and all thru the reading i asked myself ,  'how is king going to get through this ? ' his weapon of choice was most often ralph robert's narration  ( via third person )  that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance .  it seemed whenever king was in trouble in the story ,  he would use ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him .  this is a useful tool for a beginning writer ,  but king used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning .one last thing ,  the villians just don't work .  they are not frightening ,  they are not demonic ,  they are not vicious or malign .  three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors ?  their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone ?  the real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness .  then there's the crimson king ,  the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a catfish in one of the most terrible ,  anti-climactic scenes ever rendered .   i rest my case .
dr .  rieux ,  the main character of the novel ,  moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner .   he goes thru the motions of  " doing his job "  while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague .i find jose saramago's  " blindess "  to be a far superior book to the plague .   similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving .   the plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless .i found this highly acclaimed book to be very difficult to re-read ,  often having to re-read many pages over and over .   i would pass on this book
the author comes off as a whining ,  unhappy camper about having to grow up in what he considers a 'stifling' church environment ;  further apalled by the church founder's belief ,  in that it  ( the worlwide church of god )  was god's true church through the ages ,  right on up to the present 'end time' .  feazell spends a good amount of time giving his negative opinions on herbert w .  armstrong , the church's actual teachings ,  and a general trashing and somewhat of a misreprentation of the general denomination as a whole ,  labeling it a 'cult' .  .  . and further damning its pastor general as a  " heretic "  ,  despite the church's humanitarian works ,  publishing ,  colleges and international outreach for world peace over the past seven decades under the leadership of h . w .  armstrong .  since armstrong's death in 1986 ,  feazell and his cohort joseph tkach jr .  seem to be having a field day jumping up and down on his remains ,  and writing books on how great it feels to be loosed from having to keep the apostolic holy days ,  sabbaths ,  ten commandments  ( which ,  in his estimation are now the 'ten suggestions' )  and general lifestyle of this 7th day church of god denomination .  mr .  feazell apparently does not speak for all the church membership ,  as over 100 , 000 members left and formed various smaller independent church of god conferences throughout the united states .  .  . and continuing the legacy and apostolic ,  traditional christian system of worship restored by herbert w .  armstrong in 1927 .recommended reading :   " autobiography of herbert w .  armstrong "  ;   " mystery of the ages "  ;   " the incredible human potential "
this book is so full of misinformation that i shudder to think  ( since it is in the &quot ; dummies&quot ;  series )  ,  that this may be the only information that many people will read before they embark upon a very serious commitment with a dog .it is poorly researched ,  full of dogma and nonsense .if you have to read a &quot ; quick book&quot ;  find one written by an expert - a veterinarian ,  or anyone with a track record in animals .  instant info can be found on bulletin discussion boards ,  magazines etc
i usually enjoy ms .  maron's deborah knott books very much .  the characters are well drawn and give deep insight into southern life .  this one ,  however ,  is very flat and the characters are poorly drawn and one dimensional .  the first murder doesn't seem to contribut anything to the storyline and is just  " there "  .  the second one involving dwight's son  ( who is a very poorly developed child character )  and his ex wife is not very interesting .i devoutly hope this was the nadir of the series and it will improve after this .  probably not ,  though-i foresee several storylines involving husband/stepmother/stepchild conflicts .  glad i checked it out from the library and didn't purchase it outright .  . do the same and don't waste your money
the package the book came in was smashed .  the book appeared as if it had been used .  it took over 2 weeks for it to arrive .  i wouldn't order any books from amazon agai
dawn written by elie wiesel is a story about two men who aremeant to be killed at the same time ,  at dawn .  david ben moshe isjewish and will be killed by the english at the same time as elisha ;  a jewish man will kill an english man john dawson . elisha and his friends wait all night for dawn ,  the book takes place with them in one room ,  thinking about what they have to do ,  they have little conversation between each other .i did not find the book dawn very interesting , i found it to move very slow ,  because elisha and his friends stayed in one room during the whole story ,  and while one man was thinking about what he should do or how he felt ,  the reader did not know how the other people where feeling at that time .   the part i found the most interesting was when there wouldbe conversation between elisha and his friends ,  especially when they talked about their pasts ,  which was one of my favorite parts of the book ,  it wasinteresting because there was more action happening when they when explaining their past .although i found this book boring for the most part it was very descriptive and therefore i would recommend it to anyone who likes very descriptive books .
professor solove comments about me on page 147 are out and out lies .  search  washingtonpost . com news archives for  " john and holt and and gsa "  for the true story .john emory holt
this is a revolutionary book .  it introduces the stage metaphor into sociology ;  all of social interaction is a performance on a stage .  it's questionable how novel this metaphor is ,  but this is certianly its first explicit statement .  the language used to present the ideas of the author is ,  like most sociological writing ,  unecessarily complicated .  there are some problems with clarity and structure ;  the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me .  no sociological background is presupposed ,  there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources ,  many footnotes ,  and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book .  so if you are interested in reading sociology ,  this is probably a good place to start  ( again ,  the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction )  .however ,  the book is misguided .  the idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary .  the authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer .( the following is a charicature of the author's argument )  .  there is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people  ( the audience )  in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor .  well ,  if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations ,  infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage ,   " all the world is not ,  of course ,  a stage ,  but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify "   ( p 72 )  .  the performances can either be with individuals ,  or groups of people ,  and they can be performing conciously or unconciously .   ( end of charicature )there are other arguments ,  obviously ,  and the statement  " we can draw a parallel with other situations "  is most of the content of the book ,  which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence .  but the real question here is ,  is the view worthwhile ?  my answer :  no .  social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor .  yes ,  some social interaction is like a performance ,  where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another .  yes ,  some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs .  however ,  most social interaction is exactly the way we see it ,  conciously controlled ,  meaningful ,  purposeful interaction with individuals ;  it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a  " reality "  .i hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out :  the book is a waste of time .  where the author is right ,  the statement is little more than common sense .  where the author goes outside of common sense ,  he's wrong ,  sometimes plainly so .  this book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes ,  that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control  ( here the wool is the performance ,  and the control has to do with impressions  .  .  .  but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions )  .  there is no real empirical support given for most of the claims .  where  " evidence "  is given ,  the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter .  where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth .  various sources of sociology are cited ,  but this is more like intellectual bullying .  saying that some author ,  which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims ,  agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims .  the claims in the book have no practical application in the world ,  but only serve to intepret situations differently ,  and in personal opinion ,  less correctly .  nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology .  in short ,  this isnt a scientific study at all .my final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph ,  the use of language .  the best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction  " a performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants "   ( 15 )  .  this is a curios definition .  me breathing while i work is a performance ,  it changes the percentages of o2 and co2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers .  me staring into space is a performance ,  other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced .  infact ,  me simply existing is a performance ,  since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants ,  as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing .  its as if goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person ,  and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance .  he didnt .  he used a word that we associate with controlled behavior  ( performance )  and defined it in a way no one is used to .  then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance ,  its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality .  i hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to goffman and sociology more generally .so an ode to sociology is in order  .  .  .  actually no it isnt .  why wont this subject go away ?  this book is an integral part of sociology ,  and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition .  the methods are questionable ;  the style is obscure .  like it or hate it ,  sociology is a part of modern thought .  read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
this novel of a 17th century samurai's odyssey to europe starts as a very straightforward story and rather continues that way ,  but towards the end ,  endo does get in a few good points .  the style is somewhat pedantic and staid ,  but easy to read .  it's certainly not a zen classic and the story never really gets off the ground or totally convinces .  the historical backdrops are paper thin and obvious cut-and-pastes from history textbooks .  i must admit i am somewhat baffled by all the rave reviews here .  i can only conclude that a lot of people who don't really have much experience of japan ,  think they've stumbled upon some sort of motherlode of bushido spirit in this conveniantly westernized piece of writing by a japanesese christian .  remember ,  not every japanese woman is a geisha ,  and not every japanese writer can wield his pen like a samurai's sword
don't waste your money on this book .  i will finish the book because it is our book club choice .  the characters are shallow and  self centered .  the writing is middle school quality .  kris radish seems to have an agenda she is pushing and she was going to get it all into this book come hell or high water .  no poetry and no beauty ,  i could care less about the women in this book .  who could possibly think life's problems could be solved by walking away from them while drinking lots of wine ?  i treasure my sisters and women friends but i wouldn't want to be a friend to any of these women .  i would give it no stars if i could
i've always been a huge fan of nicholas sparks ,  and i couldn't wait to read dear john .  well ,  there was no reason to rush .  it starts out okay ,  but then just gets more and more depressing .  the main girl character is annoying and you hope that john will find someone who deserves him ,  instead of just pouting over her for most the book .i cannot wait for another nicholas sparks book ,  but only because i want to know that he hasn't lost his touch ,  and that this novel was just a fluck
if you just got out of prison or maybe had a spell of amnesia or if your just hitting your 20th or 21st birthday then you may learn some stuff here .but if you got yourself online to read this review then i doubt you will find this book much help .  there were a few helpful ehows for me in the book though .  for example i forgot exactly how to boil an egg .  and there it was in the book .  a typical type of ehow .and this book is big and heavy .  with most info ridiculously simple i would say the size to useful ratio is not that desirable .maybe this would make an ok high school graduation gift but other than that most people should avoid this book .  the ehow website is great though and its free !  .
the book is brilliant ,  no question about it .  his stories are great ,  his humor dry and culturally insightful .  the problem is that ,  like all audio books ,  the voice of the narrator can make or break the experience .  and in this case ,  unfortunately ,  the voice of the author fails the material .sorry ,  bill ,  but your voice is just too droning and monotonous for an audio book .  it's hard to get past the first few discs as his voice tends to lull you to sleep .  i wouldn't recommend this audio book for listening while driving or in traffic  ( as i did ,  and almost got into an accident )  .if you want this book ,  get the paperback
i have to admit that my wife read this book first and said it was slow .   she didn't say how slow though .   but rather than take her word for it  ( why should i ?   after all ,  she's my wife )  i bothered to pick it up and read it .   how i wish i had listened to her and left it in the box of stuff for the rummage sale .   i cannot stand baldacci's juvenile charactor dialog ,  but finish it i did though most of it i could have read through closed eyes and not missed anything .   i'll stick with my nelson demille from here on if i want literary junk food
got this book for my oldest daughter about a week ago and she reports the binding is very bad .  pages are falling out
i read this book and hated it ;  i was sorry i wasted my money .  .  .  .  normally ,  i would have donated the book ater reading it .  but ,  in this case i was so disappointed ,  i threw the book away after reading it .   i was disappointed with the author for scrubbing the language so clean that the area she set the book in could have been anywhere in the us .   i was also disapponted in the oprah book club selection committee .   it seemed to me they found a  " story "  they liked ,  and that is where their critical thinking ended .  it was the only and last oprah book selection i ever bought .    after reading it ,  it was obvious to me that whoever had chosen the book for the oprah club had never been to western pa .   i am from western pa as is o'dell and this book lacks local color .   she either forgot or choose to ignore that language is also a part of the landscape of a locale .   landscape is just not about dysfunctional families ,  eatnparks and religious statues in the yards .  .  .  .  people in that area of pa say  " ain't ,  "   " slippy ,  "  and  " youns .  "  this would be esp .  true for someone like the main character ,  harley .   ( there are people with college degrees from this area who still have  " color "  in their language .  )  o'dell is no faulkner or caufield .  i find this lack of  " local flavor "  with a lot of modern authors .   unfortunately ,  our books are even becoming mcdonaldized .  there is nothing special about this book
i bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a row w/our preschooler and i don't much like it .  i've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever  ( if i need a break away ,  she hunts down my poor husband ,  all my relatives and friends- ugh )  and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality .in the end ,  i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents ,  then this book is okay .  i just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'i own you' .  i like 'mama do you love me ? ' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love .'good-night moon' by margaret wise brown ,  however ,  is by far my children's all time favorite book .  i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed .  they love it and so do we as parents .  but this one even creeped my hubby out and he's from a fairly 'normal' family .take it w/a grain of salt
mr wong is making a good living selling his book and working the lecture circut .   some good ideas but a lot of impractical stuff included .   the reality of the classroom and the ineffectiveness of school administration make working under such ideal circumstances unrealistic .   work in 5 classes of 40-50 kids each day who can't read  ( many are moved up so they can be with their friends )  and such touchy feely programs quickly fall aside .
the only thing this book is good for is getting high with your friends then reading the dialogue aloud .   the thought that anyone actually believes or takes the  " situations "  in this crap serious is so befuddling it's scary .   this is nothing more than propaganda for some strange religious cult .   i don't know about you but if i'm going to buy a book to help me with my kids it's going to be by an expert ,  not some failed fiction writer
while entertaining ,  i found several times that the story slowed down and got a little preachy about the politics of drug money .  while probably true it distracted from the story by being repeated and heavy handed .  i also found the timeline hard to believe .  maybe because i have lived in the area and understand the distances  ( and traffic )  travelled in short periods of time .  i am a big elizabeth lowell fan   ( as well as ann maxwell )  but this was not one of her better books
hmm ,  quite a disappointment ,  especially after splurging on the hardcover edition .   set as a kind of  " rockies rear window ,  "  this is one slow story .   endless pages of crazy-making when i'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through .   finally skipped ahead to finish the book .   i had really looked forward to angels fall ,  too  :  (   if you are a roberts fan ,  don't spend the money on the hardcover ,  wait for the paperback ,  go to the library ,  or borrow from a friend .   not worth the price .
i know h .  james is considered one of the  " greats "  of american literature and i question my taste for hating most of his writing .   with few exceptions i think he is  a pretentious purveyor of obscurantism .   i read wings of the dove many years ago in the days when i would not allow myself to set aside books i did not enjoy .   i recently picked up a collection of his short stories and remembered why i disliked him so much .   now in my old age i had no pangs of conscience when i happily closed the book before finishing it .   if more of the stories had been like daisy miller i would have proceeded further but unfortunately much of the writing reminded me of wings .   i am currently seeking  relief from henry's turgid prose by reading hemingway .   i'd trade in a henry  for an ernie any day .   it's also difficult to like mr .  james' snobbish ,  shallow and unsympathetic characters .   the more sympathetic ones were obscured by his heavy hand and my impatience with his style .
i had to read this book for a diversity class .  sennett uses language and sentence construction that is overly ostentatious and difficult to understand .  inside this fat book is a very thin book trying to get out .  he needed a good editor .
while this book contains a ton of data ,  don't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade .   if you look up french toast ,  for example ,  it only gives information on name brand items .   much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products .   i suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping ,  or use it before eating out ,  it would be helpful .   but if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items ,  you are out of luck with this book
this book was selected by my book club .  i had never read anna quindlen before .   rise and shine was a disappointment to me .   i kept hoping that meghan would somehow be redeemed ,  but that did not happen .   she is really not very likeable .   i thought there would have been more of a dialog between the sisters concerning leo's tradgedy .   meghan blamed her sister in one line and then it was never brought up again .   the book left me with an empty feeling .   it was not a satisfying read
the author has her narrator (  " cinnamon "  )  spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating scarlett , in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship .  even though she's calling the shots , as it's her book ,  scarlett still comes out miles ahead .  perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society , but there was once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies , such as  " ivanhoe "  presents . the story may have been one-sided , but it's the side mm chose to tell , and there's kernel of truth in the  " myth "  of the old south , as in all myths .margaret mitchell has nothing to fear from this silly so-called  " parody "  , which is really a subconscious-or not so subconscious , in fact-effort to knock from her pedestal , that epitome of heroines-katie scarlett o'hara and the wonderful melanie wilkes . as if rhett would ever give any other woman a serious thought-he was obsessed with scarlett . that's why he turned to women like belle watling . and to imagine mammy killing the male babies , when she had been devoted to ellen o'hara from ellen's childhood . thank goodness this book isn't a pimple on the fanny of the classic gwtw , because what it is a a travesty-and not even a well-written or engaging one at that . gwtw will still be read and loved for all time , like the classic it is , when this book is selling for a quarter at garage sales . i didn't even pay that , thank goodness-the woman gave it to me , and i read it and burned it with the rest of the trash . i'd give it a negative star if there was such a rating . ludicrous and laughable-try again , ms randall , and try to get over the jealousy of scarlett and co .  again , margaret mitchell need not fear , lol
i read this book because my english professor spoke highly of it .  i would call it a collection of stupid and hypocritical opinions and ideas .  so why did your bridge fall down mr .  engineer ?  oh ,  i dropped my structural steel class so i could do a course in another language .  i don't think it's right to criticize something like a college degree if a person doesn't even possess one .  actually i think that something like a college degree would be a great start before writing a book like this .  it might decrease the chances of writing a book as stupid as this one .  this book insulted my intelligence and i wouldn't even recommend it for a laugh
the only explanation is that james paterson churned this dog out to make a buck .  i've read a number of james patterson books and while i'm not a hard core fan ,  i've enjoyed most of them .  i know this will outrage some patterson readers but i'm not much of a fan of alex cross who frankly i find boring as hell .as mediocre as patterson often is as an author ,  readers should beware ,  london bridges is especially bad .  the novel reads like an abridgement ,  moving at a frantic pace without ever generating any suspense .  the premise is ridiculous - super criminals with silly names join forces to blackmail world leaders  ( sounds like the plot for an austin powers movie - without any of the humour )  .patterson is not remotely qualified to enter the international terrorist thriller market .  an author who churns out 3 or 4 novels a year doesn't have time to do the kind of research that is needed to produce a plausible terrorist thriller .the twists at the end -  " he's the wolf - no ,  he's the wolf - no ,  she's the wolf - no .  .  .  .  "  by the end ,  i just didn't care .james patterson has written some decent crime novels but his fans should beware .  quantity ,  not quality seems to be patterson's priority these days .  london bridges is a mess from beginning to end .
i was extremely disappointed by this book/pamphlet ,  being misled by the other favorable reviews .   it is completely lacking in information .   it has 51 6 " x8 "  pages with huge font and too many cartoons .   it successfully defines what is good and bad posture ,  but does not provide excercises to improve it  ( it simply states to  " practice "  good posture )  .   there are much much better alternatives .   i have read  " posture alignment "  and recommend that ,  and have heard of great reviews for  " posture ,  get it straight !  "
i bought this off of the new york public library website .   what an utter waste of $40 .   the book that comes with the software is somewhat helpful ,  but honestly there is no new information to anyone who has been collecting books for a while .   the worst part is the  " software "  that you are supposed to use to catalog your books .   first of all ,  it is difficult to install--this is always a sign of a inferior product :  no product that was properly qa'd would be released in such condition .   second of all ,  the product is just a fancy version of a spreadsheet .   i could literally use excel or ms access to catalog my books just as well as this software .   you actually have to input every piece of data associated with a book .   there is no excuse for anyone with an internet connection to have to manually input book data .   i state again :  it is very surprising that the new york public library would include this product in their stores .   it is a major ,  major rip off and there are far superior cataloging products out there .the product i finaly ended up using is one called readerware  ( http : //www . readerware . com/ )  .   readerware ,  for the same amount of money  ( $40 )  ,  allows you to scan in the barcodes of your books--the software comes with its own cuecat scanner .   then the software looks up the barcodes you entered ,   ( using the internet )  ,   and updates each barcode with all the available info on the book .  i scanned 800+ books in about 4-5 hours .   btw ,  you can also use readerware to scan in all of your dvds and cds ,   ( you have to pay more to get the full version of readware that supports books ,  dvds ,  and cds )  .of course ,  you don't have to take my recommendation to buy  " readerware "  ,  but please don't waste your money on  " your home library .
i found this book to be a vaguely interesting dissertation on what the sham  ( self-help actualization motivational )  movement is ,  and maybe even on why it is ,  but no help whatsoever in giving me any tools for argument against it .   i thought ,  sucked in by the interesting cover suggesting brain-washing in such a humorous way ,  that the author might have a sense of humor herself and i'd find her book absorbing intellectually and on other levels as well .i would read a page or a paragraph or two ,  close the book ,  and nod off .this is such a fascinating area ,  it could be the basis for a really fascinating book ,  but  " self-help ,  inc .  .  .  "  left me feeling i needed to go to a self-help group to deal with the density of the verbage .   it would not appeal most to the people most in need of reading it  -  the victims of sham
i was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book .   after that it seemed that little new information was added ,  or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition .   there were so many different characters ,  and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news .   the structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on tv
anyone that knows anything about milken knows that the guy created millions of jobs ,  and contributed much more to society than people like james stewart ,  who often act like parasites at the expense of others .and what about milken's life after this whole affair ?  i wonder what stewart will write about in the sequel ,  since milken has taken on a life of philanthropy basically unrivaled ,  and certainly contributes more to this country than most .  milken's creation of a liquid market for junk bonds allowed credit risk to be redistributed throughout the capital markets ,  effectively creating more capital ,  more jobs ,  and more wealth creation .anyone up and coming in ib ,  or looking to inform themselves of the 80's capital movement ,  please at least check out some other perspectives on the era .note :  these comments don't apply to boesky or the arbs who were doing nothing but breaking the law .  i would argue a strong distinction between milken and most of the other characters in this book
this book is atrocious .   it is the worst book i have read in the last decade .   a 10 year old could have done better .  the plot gets more ridiculous as the book progresses ,  the characters act unbelievably and it is amazing that someone can actually get paid to write such garbage .   the only plus was that i got it out of the library and didn't pay for it
the cover of this book declares that you'll learn  " ten simple truths that lead to an amazing life .  "   if your idea of an amazing life can be distilled to  " eat ,  drink ,  and be merry ,  "  then perhaps you'll see value in the sophomoric platitudes that abound in this book .   alfred e .  neuman ,  of mad magazine ,  with his declaration of  " what ,  me ?  worry ?  "  provides a pithier statement of the philosophy proposed by ms .  laroche .   if you're looking for some deeper meaning to life ,  to success ,  to accomplishment ,  you'd be much better served by reading napoleon hill ,  anthony robbins ,  dr .  covey ,  denis waitley ,  or brian tracey .
this is a nice enough board book ,  but be advised that it is not the full version of dr .  seuss' book !   they've left out several  ( charming !  )  pages of text and illustrations for the board book .  .  .   what a disappointment to loyal fans ,  and how unfair to the newest generation of fans-to-be
i enjoy this work ,  lots of fresh observations and connections .  .  .  .  but having read it in the light of recent trends in the e-biz world ,  it sounds thin and delusional .  .  . a lot like tom peters after way too much espresso .  there are consequences from continually embracing change .  .  . and ,  in my experience all of them are bad .  i wonder on what real-world  experience mr .  kelly bases his thinking .  my advice ,  embrace chaos and change ,  but do it very carefully .  .  . because it will definitely have consequences .   truth &amp ;  beauty !   -bv
the author lives in a dream world and is not in touch with the business work environment of today .   her advice is old-fashioned and out-of-date .   many better textbooks on ethics available
i didn't care for this book at all .  i think it is a very well written book ,  for teachers ,  but not for a parent who is transracially adopting a child .   i was looking for a book on how i would parent an african american child and this book was more of a textbook .   i think it is very misleading to have it labeled as a  " must read for parents and teachers "  and it should be advertised as a book for teachers .   i thought  " inside their voices "  was much more informative about the experiences of a transracially adopted child
i bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane .   not one of my better decisions .   very wordy ,  and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in  " dragnet .  "   we are talking zero development of characters .   perhaps mr .  woods feels he doesn't need to give any depth to characters that he's been writing about in previous books .   well ,  he's wrong .   you basically just don't care about these people .   they aren't real ,  and they talk weird .   not much action either ,  unless you count actions like :   they got in the car ;  they got in the boat ;  they got in the plane .   you get the picture .   this is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money .   don't fall into his trap like i did .   there are a lot better books out there .
i'm a pretty diverse reader ,  so i decided to give this one a go .   it started out somewhat interesting ,  but then just sort of made me keep saying ,   " okay .  .  . what's the point here ?  "   i really like ninah ,  the main character ,  but i keep waiting for her to break free from the chains of this commune she lives in .   i guess the ending is somewhat a symbol of her doing this ,  but i closed the book wondering ,   " why did i read this ?  "   i grew bored with a lot of the goings on in this community and found many of the  " punishments "  just ridiculous .   i'm pretty open when it comes to accepting different religions ,  but this was just way out there for me .   ninah's relationship with her nanna was the neatest one in the book .   i'm glad i'm finished .  .  . now i can move on to something more fulfilling .
very little plot ,  which is boring .the reader should be paid by the page ,  if not by the word ,  to read this book !
i would not neccessarily call this book  " christian "  .   it is more of an historical account ,  bible as literature type of book .    it does make you think about different aspects of jesus life ,  but most of that is speculation or perception .     yancey leaves the reader hopeless at the end .
i found the book informative while reading it ,  but also a bit confusing and a little dry ,  best used for a college course and not for recreational reading .    ( which is no doubt why we even had it in our house ,  someone had  to use it and it's equally boring companion for some college course ,  i'm  certain of it .  .  .
well in my opinion ,  there is no longer any doubt that some things appear to be flying in our skies ,  and some people have had some unusual experiences  ( mostly disturbing ,  but some apparrently enlightening )  ,  but the question is ,  is it all as it seems ?   the fact of the matter is ,  various military branches from around the globe have real hardware that could easily fool us .   holographic projections can and are used to place images within our skys  ( this is related to controversial theories surrounding the 911 events )  ;  there are devices that can manipulate brain waves and neuronal excitation to have people hallucinate any scenario ;  advanced ,  drug manipulated hypnotic techniques can control memories and behaviour ;  implants have been around for decades and have even gone mainstream now  ( verichip )  .   i'm not saying that other lifeforms don't exist in the universe  ( far from it )  ,  and perhaps there are a number of entities here on earth carrying out agendas ,  but this idea that there are little ,  menacing greys abducting us for various sinister reasons without immense collusion seems suspect .   it smells of classic fear mongering that the elite love to push on us .   historically ,  there's been the barbarians ,  huns ,  mongols ,   pagans ,  jews ,  christians ,  vikings ,  black natives ,  cannabals ,  red natives ,  mexicans ,  germans ,  nazis ,  communists ,  now the arabs and the next logical conclusion is some evil force off planet because they have used all the boogey men on earth .   even president reagan set us up for this scenario in an infamous speech in the late 80's .   the fact is that with known technology  ( not including whatever they may have that has not been leaked )  ,  they could quite easily pull the hoax off .   even genetic manipulation and cloning is much further advanced and practiced  ( albeit  " underground "  )  than most people can fathom .   what has become another fact is the major extent to which the ufo community has been infiltrated and compromised ,  of which strieber has been front and centre at various times .   my belief is that strieber is part of this fear mongering campaign ,  sponsored by the elite and carried out by various military and government groups .   in this book ,  his  " hard-evidence "  is flimsey and suspicious .   for example ,  why wouldn't super advanced aliens using implants design them such that they are entirely organic and of shapes that mimic human tissue  ( thus not showing up on any x-ray ,  mri ,  ct ,  etc )  ?   and design them such that they quickly break down when removed from the body ?   surely ,  this would be child's play for alien scientists ?   why no major discussion or mention of the human military ,  or nazi connection with abductions ?   there seems to be a growing number of victims who are recalling strange  " fragments "  of memories that are slipping through various memory covers .   why are they mentioning cooperation of human doctors and nurses with the greys ?   why are they mentioning swastikas and other known military insignias on uniforms ?   why are some speaking english ,  others german ?   why is there a connection with deep ,  underground bases and specifically antartica ?   these are things strieber never mentions ,  which i find curious .   my point is ,  things are happening ,  but it has become nearly impossible to ascertain what ,  and strieber's books seem to cloud the issues and possibly even advance certain agendas .
i listened to this as an audiobook .   this is the worst book i've ever listened to from audible .   the worst .   the narration is just too ,  too cutesy sweet and the writing is junior high quality at best .  unfortunately ,  i keep hearing emperor franz josef in amadeus saying ,   " it has ,  well ,  too many notes .  "   barr describes everything   ( including clothes ,  hair ,  shoes ,  etc )  with multiple metaphors ,  a plethora of adjectives ,  and ,  well ,  too many notes .   i kept yelling at the author to just shut up and tell the story .i tried three times to listen to it and just wanted to scream after 10 minutes .   i've heard this woman read other books and quite liked them ,  but her voice and this story just don't add up to anything other than ear pain and a case of diabetes .where's michael connelly when you need him
" the other boleyn girl "  and  " the queen's fool "  are two of the best books i've ever read--and i've read a lot of books ,  especially about this period ,  which especially fascinates me .  they were gripping to the end ,  and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces .  so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out ,  i buy it ,  hoping to have the same experience ,  and lately have been sorely disappointed .   " the virgin's lover "  fell flat ,  and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged ,  must give it up .  one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess ,  however it depends on the writer .  anthony trollope ,  for instance ,  was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed .  that may or may not be the case with gregory .  i know ,  as a writer myself ,  that there are times when the work flows out ,  feeling almost as if it's channeled from another source ,  and times when it's harder ,  more mechanical .  the more challenging situations are those when i'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject .  so to me ,  neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse .  they feel forced ,  constructed .  i'm going back to trollope
the trouble starts early .  there is an apologetic preamble which states that the author ( s )  would not dedicate precious space to titles that are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community .  this is an enormous assumption about the general public's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it's history of design .  many people that have heard of these games or seen their children watch the tv-spinoffs ,  most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look ( ed )  like or anything about their play dynamics in a gaming environment .even though mario ,  zelda ,  pokemon ,  donkey kong ,  defender ,  asteroids ,  missile command ,  frogger ,  etc .  are mentioned briefly there are no images of reference for these classic games for us to  ( a )  review and recognize ,  and  ( b )  learn from .  if this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design  ( this is not about studies of techniques for rendering )  then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the 'new-time' classics ?  the latter are better represented throughout the book but some of the choices are omissions are questionable .  the brief smattering of 'classics' that are shown tend to be more human-looking figurative than 'iconic' which seems lacking to me in breadth and style of representation .beyond this much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather 'same-y' to me .  lots of brooding dark scene-scapes and characters clearly inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters such as boris vallejo or much of the work seen in heavy metal .  when there is mention of games that are actually considered modern art on display at world-famous museums ,  such as  " rez ,  "  -- we are not shown any images of it because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of lara croft (  !  )  in the same spread .  one has to ask oneself :  what was the author/picture editor thinking ?the fact of the matter is that for all the long-winded talk in the intro there is little to graphically show us where the industry came from verses where we are now .  and from what i can tell ,  there is absolutely no mention of the explosion of games and utterly unique designs being done in flash .  arguably one of the largest and least expensive/complicated environments for making a unique game .  furthermore ,  all the games covered and talked about  ( that i can tell )  are from very large corporations and as such tend to be slanted and biased in a number of regards .my biggest problem with this book was the editing - particularly with regard to choices of art .  far too many examples if things that look the same versus examples of unique design concepts and forms as well as proper representations for an historical analysis .  very nice printing ,  some nice layouts ,  and some interesting topics are raised with relation to character conception versus form ,  versus environment - but i would not recommend this for critical graphic design analysis or critical anything
i was seduced by the sinister cover and the synopsis on the inside cover into thinking this was going to be a chilling account- account my foot !   i gingerly turned the first page and instantly drowned in wave after wave of details .   as if the rough draft was a series of scraps stapled together and mailed off to an impatient publishe
the publishers should be sued .  maybe we should get a class-action together .imagine taking an instruction manual for the very first apple computer and putting a new title on it  " how to use your new home computer "  and selling it in bookstores today .  this book is doing exactly that !also ,  it is highly doubtful that the tactic ever worked in the first place .  the author's website vanished years ago .  in a thinly traded nyse stock if you try to repeatedly front the specialist with 2000 share orders he will simply move the price 50 cents against you immediately following your next purchase .  game over .[  .  .  .
normally ,  i find it hard to put a sue grafton book down once i get started .  not the case with  " s "  .  i did not enjoy the plot about violet and her abusive husand .   the main character violet was too much of a stereotype - boobs ,  red hair ,  just a boozing slut over all .   i didn't get the whole thing about her brother and why he disliked her .  the ending wasn't clear either .  i did like the development of the relationships with the young girls exposing jealousy and how it ruined relationships over several decades .  most of the characters just weren't that interesting overall .i missed her interactions with rosie the restaurant owner and her neighbor ,  the handsome 80 year old baker henry .  usually ,  there is an interesting man in the picture too - not here .i would vote pass on this one .
this book proves once again ,  that you don't necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge quantities of books to the mass market .    " true believer "  is an all-star team of cheap ,  shallow cliches .   there is no plot .   no one really believes anything ,  and everything is a contrived ,  superficial mish-mash .   the dialoge has no depth ,  and when you've had too much dialoge ,  there's paragraph after paragraph of the main characters ,   " thinking "  to themselves .   wow ,  is this bad .    " message in a bottle "  was a great plot idea ,  but its been a slow ,  steady descent since then .   you might have a good laugh at it like i did ,  but otherwise i was very disappointed .
jeremy narby's the cosmic serpent :  dna and the origins of knowledge ,  started out decently enough with narby reminiscing about his days doing field work in the amazon basin and from there he goes over some interesting ideas regarding dna and serpent myths but then all goes down hill as he suddenly becomes a follower of intelligent design and makes an all out attack on darwinian evolution and science itself .a number of narby's ideas regarding dna and shamanism are intriguing enough but he has apparently decided that all shamanism is based on molecular biology ,  while he freely admits that he is being very reductionist on this point ,  i still see many problems with his view that shamanism is based on molecular biology at heart .  his argument mostly surrounds the symbol of the serpent/dragon which is present in many different mythologies often with connections to water and associations with twins .  he decides that this is in actually a representation of dna as viewed by shamans and believes that all serpents in mythology and shamanic visions are actually dna .  since dna emits photons and this has been shown to possibly play a part in cell communication  ( along with the traditional chemical communication )  narby believes that in shamanic trances the shaman becomes able to see the light emitted by dna  ( which often show up as snakes )  and the shaman communicates with the individual bits of dna  ( which is conscious )  and the entire linked network of dna based life .  as justification for this argument he points out that some groups hold that spirits are beings of pure light ,  to him this is almost literally correct as the spirits are actually dna and communicate through light as  " spirits "  .from there he goes on to say that all ladders ,  staircases ,  and ropes in shamanic quests are representations of dna and when the shaman uses them he is travelling along dna and similarly when the shaman goes to the underworld he is sinking down to the world of molecular biology  ( although since one can apparently work with and see dna in the middle world one must ask why one would need to shrink down )  .  while these views might make for some interesting theological discussion about some shamanic practices ,  narby seems to have ignored the psychological aspects of visions and quests and any elements other than snakes or other things that just happen to be long and thin .  given narby's view of spirits as dna one must ask what spiritual helpers/allies are ?  is someone's spiritual guides dna in some bacteria on my hand ?  will i kill yahweh by washing my hands with anti-bacterial soap  ( hey maybe that's why jesus decided that washing one's hands was bad !  )  ?a lot of his proof is like the proof of erich von dniken except that where dniken saw aliens and spacecraft ,  narby sees dna and molecules .  take for example this dniken-esque proof from the book :" the second was a rock painting of the rainbow snake .  i looked at it more closely and saw two things :  all around the serpent there were sorts of chromosomes ,  in their upside-down  " u "  shape ,  and underneath it there was a kind of ladder !  "   ( p .  79 )by chapter 10 ,  entitled biology's blind spot ,  narby has decided that evolution is wrong and all of science must be toppled .  this bit seems to have come out of nowhere like someone spliced a pro-intelligent design rant into a book where it didn't belong and as with all pro-id and creationist literature we get the same old faulty attacks again and again .  attacks such as evolution being based on a circular argument because the most fit species survive to spread their genes and therefore are more fit .  yes ,  that is the definition of fitness ,  and sometimes the basis of things start as tautologies such as the theory of gravity but like gravity natural selection and evolution is justified and testable by looking at it's predictive power .  population genetics and mathematics shows clearly that natural selection is very predictive and has so far not been falsified .  similarly ,  we can also look at the fossil record in geological strata for evidence of evolutionary change over time .after that attack narby then attacks the central dogma  ( which is how transcription of dna to proteins works )  by misinterpreting what francis crick meant .  crick never meant the word dogma in central dogma to be taken in the sense it is used in religion instead he meant it as a joke name for a grand hypothesis that he had at the time little actual experimental evidence for .  narby misinterprets crick's joke to argue that evolution is apparently faith based ,  since this argument has no basis in reality it falls flat immediately .he then argues that ants and other animals are fully conscious because they do amazing things that seem to require forethought and they tap into dna like shamans to do things .  higher animals are smart and may have consciousness but ants are pretty dumb .  one is reminded of edward selous and others' ideas about thought-transference to explain how flocks of birds move and how ants and termites build hives ,  as it turns out birds flocking behaviour operates on simple instinctual rules  ( clustering ,  maintaining speed ,  and appropriate distance )  and so are ant nesting behaviours .  one proof of this is to put food just out of the reach of ants ,  and some dirt underneath ,  while they understand how to move earth and tunnel they will never purposely move earth to build ramps ,  bridges ,  or tunnels to reach a goal .  the birds who flew in flocks and the ancestors of ants who had developed nesting behaviour managed to survive better and so these behaviours somehow became instincts and persisted .now narby makes the extremely tired argument that life is too complicated to be determined by chance alone ,  and he is correct on this matter .  too bad there is more than chance guiding evolution ,  we also have natural selection guiding the process ,  to quote richard dawkins :   " life results from the non-random survival of randomly varying replicators .  "  the combinations which work survive and prosper and are kept in the population .  narby argues  " how can a small telephone directory of information emerge from random processes ?  "   ( p .  142 )  to answer this i wish to quote a bit of michael shermer's 25 creationists' arguments and 25 evolutionists' answers which nicely illustrates how natural selection can produce shakespeare's hamlet quickly from random letters :" natural selection is not  " random "  nor does it operate by  " chance .  "  natural selection preserves the gains and eradicates the mistakes .  the eye evolved from a single ,  light-sensitive cell into the complex eye of today through hundreds if not thousands of intermediate steps ,  many of which still exist in nature .  in order for the monkey to type the first 13 letters of hamlet's soliloquy by chance ,  it would take 26 to the power of 13 number of trials for success .  this is 16 times as great as the total number of seconds that have elapsed in the lifetime of the solar system .  but if each correct letter is preserved and each incorrect letter eradicated ,  the process operates much faster .  how much faster ?  richard hardison constructed a computer program in which letters were  " selected "  for or against ,  and it took an average of only 335 . 2 trials to produce the sequence of letters tobeornottobe .  this takes the computer less than 90 seconds .  the entire play can be done in about 4 . 5 days !  "narby also tries to argue that gaps in the fossil record such as in whale evolution and other places where there are few or no intermediate forms indicate that evolution has not occurred .  this however just means that in this instance there are gaps in the fossil record because the fossils have not been found yet .  narby also points to the seemingly rapid appearance of species in the fossil record as an argument against evolution .  apparently narby has never heard of punctuated equilibrium .narby stunningly also tries to argue that because large portions of dna is identical over many different species that this somehow indicates design ,  unfortunately for narby a lot of these identical sequences of dna code for the basic processes of life .  a human who couldn't cope with oxygen or a fox which could not metabolize energy would not last long in this world .  the fact that these sequences are identical is actually a point for evolution because the same processes have been preserved and we even see similar basic skeletal structures in animals even when it is not efficient or useful such as digits in the fins of dolphins or the appendix in humans .finally ,  we come back full circle to his argument about natural selection being a form of circular logic and he ties to paint evolution as unfalsifiable  ( no ,  we can test it's predictions in such fields as genetics and palaeontology )  and being denounce by an increasing number of scientists  ( not at all true )  .all in all while narby has some interesting nuggets of information and ideas in the cosmic serpent he ultimately seems to squander these ideas by jumping around in random directions and to strange conclusions based on very little evidence
this is perhaps the most disappointing king book i have ever read  ( and considering that i have read  " desperation "  and  " insomnia "  that is saying a lot )  .   the storyline was okay until the author lost me by inserting himself into the story .   i have no problem with characters from other stories popping up but for the author to become a character was over the top .   the only thing i found interesting about king as a character was the diaries that appear as the last chapter of the book .i thought this was a blatant attempt to market his other books by having them referenced throughout the book .   i would guess that anybody that reaches song of susannah has read is a faithful reader of king and does not need to be reminded of all his previous works  ( which as of late have been bad with the exception of  " the green mile :   hey ,  steve ,  if i wanted to read an infomercial i'll read my junk mail .i cannot wait to read the last dark tower book so i can be put out of my misery
while this book contains a ton of data ,  don't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade .   if you look up french toast ,  for example ,  it only gives information on name brand items .   much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products .   i suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping ,  or use it before eating out ,  it would be helpful .   but if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items ,  you are out of luck with this book
you think you are getting something to help assist you in linking yourself with the beyond ,  but you are in all actuality getting something that reads more like something being explained that the author doesnt really believe instead .   i love konstatinos' other books ,  but this one left a bad taste in my mouth
2 stars for decent writing  ( at least a decent translation )  ,  for an intriguing start ,  and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf .   that's pretty much it .   negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- coy and tanger  ( i listened to nc on 13 endless tapes ,  so perhaps am misspelling their names )  .   the tortured metaphors they speak ,  think ,  and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described ,  bore to tears .   aside from an occasional scrape between coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss ,  all of the action in nc clusters at the beginning  ( promisingly so ,  i'll grant )  and the end  ( all wimper ,  no bang )  of this novel .   as a salty seadog once said  ( no doubt anticipating this novel )  ,   " ahoy matey ,  thar .   she blows !  "
tipler says many times  " as i have proved "  .   huh ?  what the f is he talking about ?   there is no proof in this stinking pile of filth .   he's got an abundance of physics in the back of the book-i'd like to hear from a physicist if any of that crap makes any sense ,  but i don't think it should matter .   i am intelligent enough to understand basic physics concepts ,  and tipler just doesn't make any sense .   his writing is so bad that anyone who reads this entire thing will have wasted a colossal ammount of time .   the more books you read ,  the sooner you know when to stop reading ,  put the book down ,  and read a work of fiction instead ,  which can play with such ideas without boring you to death
my husband has a theory that danielle steel has a dart board and each circle surrounding the center is labeled either ,  falls in love ,  loses family member ,  has death of loved-one , fights for life of herself or loved one ,  loses partner , business or spouse .  he feels when she is at a loss she justs throws off a dart and whatever she hits becomes the outline for her next book .i have been a loyal fan for many many years and take his kidding with a smile and secretly pray he's not right .this book proved me wrong and he was right all these years .it was so obvious from the first few pages what was happening that i was certain i had read this story before somewhere .  after having waited  long time to get this book from my local library i was so disappointed that it was so poorly written and so badly not thought through i couldn't even read it completely ,  but skipped sections to finish it ,  knowing what was going to happen before i got to it .
this book is inexplicably influential ,  probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title .  barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis ,  instead delivering an exasperating 300 page-long list of every single thing on earth that he disagrees with .  barber contends that natural human political behavior results in smaller and smaller ethnic enclaves trying to separate themselves from the larger world ,  while unchecked global capitalism is erasing ethnic flavor with bowdlerized mass-culture sameness .  interestingly ,  barber contends that these two contrary movements are actually in an unholy alliance ,  using each other's excesses as excuses for their anti-democratic behavior .  that is a fascinating thesis ,  which makes the weaknesses of this book all the more infuriating .the first part of the book is an interminable tirade of lists within lists ,  of cultural trends that barber disdains ,  in an avalanche of complaints that is not analytical but merely selective and arbitrary .  it's all tied together with attempts at  " edgy "  pop culture references ,  made-up terminology  ( like the annoying  " infotainment telesector "  )  ,  and pseudo-intellectual quotations and namedropping .  all is lumped together unconvincingly under the anemic term  " mcworld ,  "  which is so vague and all-inclusive as to become meaningless .  in his never-ending examples of how recent cultural trends are damaging the freedom and intelligence of the masses ,  barber merely comes across as a condescending snob who thinks his own interests are superior ,  or a curmudgeon who thinks everything was better back in the good old days ,  or both .  in the second part of the book ,  barber proceeds to throw obtuse political science theories at various world hotspots ,  in which tribalism and separatism are damaging the integrity of nation-states .  his umbrella term for this phenomenon is the dangerously loaded term  " jihad .  "  note that this book was published back in 1995 ,  so that word was not as prevalent in western discourse as it is now ,  but barber still uses the term as a loose descriptor which is likely to offend both devout muslims and ardent anti-islamists .when it comes to the specifics ,  many reviews here and elsewhere list out the numerous flaws in barber's arguments ,  and there are so many of them that a lot of reviews are necessary for the task .  you can agree or disagree with various critiques of barber's contentions based on your own personal politics .  but everyone will probably conclude that in this book's final section he does not deliver on the ironic implications of his initially intriguing thesis  ( embodied in the book's title )  ,  and simply forwards borrowed theories on civil society and the public sector .  overall ,  this book is mostly the longwinded grumblings of a nostalgic know-it-all who portentously predicts doom for every single cultural and political reality of the modern world .   [ ~doomsdayer520~
after two weeks on this diet plan i could bearly lift my head up .   i nearly fell asleep driving home from work nights .  .  . not to mention hardly staying awake while at work .   i thought it would be a pleasant change from the restrictions of atkins ,  but i was never tired on atkins .   i don't know if it had something to do with insulin from the sudden onslaught of carbs .  .  . or what the problem was .   all i know is i am happily following atkins and losing much more rapidly than i did on this cad plan .   in two weeks i lost 6 lbs .  on cad .  .  . 14 on atkins .   you figure it out
i'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with .   however ,  my public library has a limited selection of audio books ,  so i take what i can get .   i am a voracious reader ,  and i listen to audios to get more  " reading "  in ,  as you can listen and do other things .   i much prefer the lillian jackson braun  " cat "  books ,  at least there is some humor ,  and i like the  " mystery "  part of these books better than deaver's .   sorry to all the deaver fan's out there .  .  . i have enjoyed a few of his books ,  but i get tired of the  " same ole-same ole "
i own perhaps 20 books on the bird's and this is one of the worse .  mostly because the material is so poorly organized ;  no real attempt is made to sort through the  ( admittedly tangled )  move orders/motifs/variations in this opening .  also ,  the author seems to have a 'bad attitude' even though he plays the opening and has several examples in the book .  the section on the leningrad dutch-reversed is better than the others but still lifeless .the entire everyman opening series has deteriorated a great deal the past two years and i'm about done buying any new ones ,  especially if they are as bad as bird's opening .
middle-aged gracie is a typical hollywood wife ,  right down to her botox injections and designer wardrobe .   when her husband dumps her after almost ten years of marriage ,  gracie finds herself without love ,  without friends ,  and most importantly ,  without status .    ( but at least she's still got the money !  )actually ,  most of what i know is from the dust jacket since this book was too torturous to finish .   the plot is predictable and uninteresting and is littered with so much name-dropping that sometimes it's hard to follow .   the characters are taken straight from stereotype 101 and are so badly written that they're impossible to relate to .   the writing is ponderous and lumbers along awkwardly ,  lacking polish ,  wit ,  or interest .   especially irritating is grazer's insistence on using gracie's name as much as possible .   for example :" gracie thought about it ;  they'd never been to marriage counseling .   gracie had gone to counseling in the beginning of their marriage - there were many issues to overcome .   more or less her personality issues - the fact that gracie had too much personality .   gracie said and did pretty much what gracie pleased ,  in the beginning .   before gracie learned the way of the wife "   ( p 38 )  .i lost interest after about 20 pages ,  plowed my way through 40 more ,  then gave up .   it's very obvious that this is a poorly-veiled autobiography  ( grazer/gracie )  and that as a hollywood wife ,  grazer does have the connections and clout her protagonist lacks or this book would never have been published .definitely not worth your time
after reading deep south and flashback ,  i was looking forward to going back and reading some of the earlier anna pigeon books .  liberty falling has to be the worst of the pigeon series .  i found myself skimming over pages and skipping over the last third of the book to get to the end and hope the ending would make it worth the read .  it wasn't .
early on the author tells how he proved to concept of  " learned helplessness "  through his experiments where he administered electric shocks on caged dogs until they gave up and just lay there and whimpered .i threw the book away at that point .   this  " scientist "  shouldn't be rewarded for his senseless cruelty that proves nothing .   we don't support your science ,  herr doctor seligman !get the book from a library if you must ,  but don't reward him for his  " experiments .  "   it could have been your dog this moral idiot experimented on
the book is divided into 52 chapters that repeat basically the same points over and over again .  so you have to read through the chapters and try to spot the occasional new idea .  it seems strange that a book on productivity makes you waste time gleaning a few good ideas .   ( come on ,  man ,  if you have 10 pages of good ideas ,  give them to me in 10 .  )  but then again i guess most books in this genre make you do that .  sheesh
i don't understand why anyone would publish a book anymore with black and white illustrations .  i know this is supposed to be a classic and all that so it's my own fault for not checking when i read the description .  i don't even know why i'm keeping it ;  i'll never read it .  you have to wade through tons of technical jargon and lengthy chapters that would be much better served by some large color photographs .  maybe that makes me shallow ,  i don't know ,  but there are much more 'complete guides' out there on this topic these days
i usually read stephen king for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well .  i've read three previous king books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror ,  doom ,  and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story .   this one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative .  and this is exactly what  " insomnia "  is .  this isn't a spoiler ,  just the author's note :  at the end of the book we read sep .  10 ,  1990- nov 10 ,  1993- three years in which king took to write this book .   three years which were evidently wasted .the other king books i've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification .    " insomnia's "  ralph roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with .   he is strong ,  kind ,  has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable .  his counterpart lois chasse doesn't come across as identifiable .  instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with ralph .  king doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters .   other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable ,  like ed and helen deepenau ,  the three bald doctors ,  and ralph's numerous confidantes .then there's the whole abortion mess .  this central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story .  though king does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via detective leydecker  ( albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant )  ,  it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device .i gave the book two stars because i am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal .  the devices were obvious and all thru the reading i asked myself ,  'how is king going to get through this ? ' his weapon of choice was most often ralph robert's narration  ( via third person )  that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance .  it seemed whenever king was in trouble in the story ,  he would use ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him .  this is a useful tool for a beginning writer ,  but king used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning .one last thing ,  the villians just don't work .  they are not frightening ,  they are not demonic ,  they are not vicious or malign .  three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors ?  their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone ?  the real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness .  then there's the crimson king ,  the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a catfish in one of the most terrible ,  anti-climactic scenes ever rendered .   i rest my case .
the self-improvement books how to win friends and influence people and talking the winner's way are both way superior to this short book .  most of what you read is basically review if you've ready other similar books .  and what's present doesn't pack enough substance or &quot ; how to&quot ;  to make it really worth your time .  about half-way through the book ,  gabor started presenting fresh ideas .  the problem ,  however ,  is that it was half-way through the book .  not a bad read ,  but there's so much better .  if you happen across it one day on the street ,  it won't do any harm to read it .  but i can't recommend paying money for something you already know ,  or can get for a better deal
the nautical chart could have been a better book if ,  its author had eliminated about 50 to 100 pages .  the story dragged .  i read it at night in bed and i kept falling asleep .   the book does have its merits .   the information regarding navigational instruments and  history was interesting and was exciting at times .  the ending was good  ( the best part of the book )  .  the relationship between the coy and tanger had shades of james caine and jim thompson .  even so ,  i would hestitate about recommending this novel .
with  " dead watch "  ,  sanford has delivered a political thriller that is fully worthy of mention alongside his popular police-procedural prey series .   i share the booklist reviewer's sentiment that sandford has produced a d . c .  intrigue reminiscent of ross thomas  ( a very good thing !  )  .my biggest beef with dead watch is the bland characterization of jake winter  ( though sandford does do a good job of making winter not be lucas davenport )  ;  nearly every other character has more personality-pizzazz .   not to worry though ,  the madison bowe character and the breakneck speed of the story more than make up for that shortcoming .   if i'd been turning pages any faster ,  i'd have probably started a fire .
this books should be called  " the random thoughts of a rich old man .  "    it appears to me someone followed mr .  buffet around and wrote down what ever he said then thought  " how do i present this is a book ?  ,   oh how about a random collection of dis-jointed thoughts !  yea that's  it !  !
three things make me better than sean hannity :1 )  i was actually in the us military2 )  i graduated college ,  unlike sean3 )  i don't believe that everybody who votes a certain way is a loser ,  or hates america .sean hannity is a bunch of hot air .  just watch him on foxnews ,  or listen to him for one hour .  he is yet another of the current line of conservative commentators who believes that all people who vote democrat hate their country and hate all republicans .sean - stop labeling everybody .  every american has their own opinion
the book is chock full of examples and anecdotes but really has no new worthwhile conceptualizations or insights to make it worth reading .   if you don't know anything about database marketing ,  then you will get something out of this book .   if you are familiar with the basic concepts of customer database analysis ,  loyalty programs and relationship marketing ,  there is nothing new here .   in fact a much better introduction to all those concepts is the loyalty effect by reichenheld or customer connections by wayland and cole .   the subtitle mentions the dot com world ,  but the book has little to say about the internet .   the book really does not cover crms  ( as oppsed to database marketing )  in that it fails describe how crm systems work and what database ,  modeling and communications platforms are required to implement them
i am a long-time admirer of claire mcnab's writing -- despite the fact i have been disappointed in the direction  ( or lack of it )  in which she has taken the carol ashton mystery series .  although she is more known in the u . s .  for her mystery and espionage books ,  her novel  " under the southern cross "  is a bang-up ,  great romance delivered in her typically spare  ( or is it stingy ?  )  style .  i was excited to see she had written another romance and not a mystery with a 10-second sex scene thrown in .  but ,  when i got to the last line of this book i found myself closing it and thinking that i had once again been suckered by past memories of claire mcnab .this book has a lot of promise to it -- therefore the two stars i gave it -- but it's promise unfulfilled .  there is a long setup of the writer vonny smith pining for the personal attention of her editor ,  diana .  but ,  why exactly is she in love with diana ?  darn if i know .  the writing has great humor and spoofs the whole genre of romance novels .  but the entire novel is a setup and ,  in the end ,  there is no delivery .  it's annoying ,  frustrating ,  and feels like a cheat .  wasn't there an editor to say :   " claire ,  this story needs more !  "  or was bella books just intent on cashing in on ms .  mcnab's name ?  who knows .  but ,  this is one book i won't be rereading .  i wish i hadn't paid full-price
mr .  galbraith is smart ,  accomplished ,  and learned man who knows what is best for all us .   his view of a good society differs from past visions of societal utopia .   rather than a completely coercive state directing the  actions of its citizens to some hirer calling ,  mr .  galbraith aims to be  `practical' and just further defines the third way .   nonetheless ,  his  proposal of what makes a good society is not the classical liberal view and  it is more attuned to the european model of society .   many of his proposals  are so silly you won't take them seriously .   but sadly ,  he is quite  serious .   for example ,  mr .  galbraith states that in a good society everyone  should have a rewarding life .   of course ,  he never defines the standard by  which society should judge whether or not a life is rewarding .   neither  does he address what one should do if their life is un-rewarding and what  the obligation is of society to fulfill that vision of a rewarding life .    and ,  of course ,  who is the `rewarding life judge' and does this judge have  the authority of the state to take something from someone  ( who has a life  that is deemed too rewarding )  for someone who has life that is too  un-rewarding .   mr .  galbraith fails to convince the reader of the  practicality of his proposals and ends up straddling a line between  socialism and capitalism ,  and saying nothing new
i was at first rather impressed by the epic size of the book thinking it must contain something new about the comedian .  well ,  i was wrong .  it was long ,  tedious and nasty .  granted ,  chaplin was not perfect ,  but the author's preoccupation with his imperfections borders on sickening .  a better title for this book would be 'trash ,  what i think of charlie' .  joyce milton would do well writing for tabloids .  .
i zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down .   unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that .   the main character just goes on a big ,  boring sight seeing tour .   it reminded me of that show on the travel channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design .  there is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings i've ever read .   the book just stops .   not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel .it's a shame because grimsley had some great concepts to work with .   in my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both ,  but grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the sf concepts instead of minutiae .once in a while the characters stop admiring the drapes long enough to notice the giant freakin' portal between two worlds--but enough about that .gee ,  what a lovely sofa .  .
sheer and utter .   this hardly can be called a work of fiction .   had this been his first work ,  i could understand the grammatical mistakes ,  but this is inexcuseable .   the publisher should be fined for this book and the editor fired
no thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story .the whole thing is based on who wants to kill darby and why .  and that is where it falls apart .  the fbi or cia could have easily investigated faster and easier then she could ,  and what is the point of trying to kill her ?to bury what is already out in the open ?  the fbi ,  cia and white house all had a copy .  what are they trying to silence ?  nothing at all .  perhaps if it were just for revenge the plot might not have collapsed on itself
the author makes a good case for index mutual funds but there aretoo many digressions about the author's extracurricular activities .do you really want a pumpkin pie recipe in a book about mutual funds
this is the first book i've ever returned .  while a lot of what she does is admirable and does work  ( the  " you "  form instead of  " lord/he "  works very well )  ,  two things make it unusable :  constant use of  " beloved "  for the word  " god "  or  " lord "  becomes irritating very quickly ,  and she subjectively pops out the word  " enemies "  wherever it appears and puts in  " fears .  "  i wouldn't dare tell someone with aids or a refuge or whomever that their only enemy is their own fears ,  and even for others such overpersonalization doesn't work .  the classic 137th psalm was unrecognizable -- where did the dolphins come from
i would not personally recommend this book to horror/thriller fans .   i would definitely not recommend this book for anyone under 18 !   if you like soap operas ,  you may enjoy this book a lot .   if you are searching for the secrets of rose red or a good ghost story ,  this is not your book .i read the story before the author was made known .   i thought it might be stephen king or tabitha king .   the writing style was far below stephen king's style and it was very erotic ,  which i suspected tabitha king to be the author .   however ,  the accounts of ellen were obviously written by a man ,  as the erotic episodes were definitely not from the viewpoint of a woman .   so ,  it was no surprise when the author was neither stephen nor tabitha ,  but a male author i have never heard of .the book reveals almost nothing new about rose red and it's secrets .   i would dare say that 90% of the diary goes on and on about ellen and john's wealth and extremely dysfunctional marriage .   on and on about john's extramarital affairs ,  ellen's withholding of sexual favors ,  more affairs ,  more withholding of favors ,  more affairs ,  more favors withheld .   the story is a vicious circle regarding this .   it's almost like she gets burned ,  but yet continues to play with fire .   very frustrating and almost boring ,  as you read the same scenarios redundantly .   by the third time ,  you know exactly what he's doing and how she will retaliate .   silly .i mentioned above that the diary of ellem rimbauer revealed no new secrets of the house .   in fact ,  as the diary progresses ,  it skips four occurrences  ( it made mention of the four ,  like  " by the way ,  four disappearances happened since last time i wrote ,  but i won't tell you about them "  )  .   and this i found obnoxious - ***spoiler alert***  ellen waits some three or so years for a sance from a master uber-psychic .   three long years .   but after the sance ,  nothing is revealed !    the book is riddled with episodes like this .   some big secret is coming .   when it finally is revealed ,  it's no secret at all .   it's something dumb ,  like  " yes ,  there are spirits in the house "  .   what spirits ?   why ?   who ?   nothing is ever satisfactorily explained .i would have given it one star ,  however it seemed to have a single quality .   at the start of the diary ,  ellen was an ordinary 19 year old fiance to john .   soon ,  she is corrupted by john ,  wealth ,  maybe corrupted by her african best friend  ( jury is still out )  ,  and hatred .   she prays to god ,  but also to  " her other god "   ( the dark one )  .   at first ,  you suppose she is playing with fire .   right on .   she gets consumed by darkness ,  revenge ,  and hatred and falls into self destruction .overall ,  i personally thought it read like fan fiction .   i would bet the author whipped up this short story just for giggles ,  but somehow it got published .   i was disappointed ,  hoping for a good ghost story .   but i ended up reading a soft-porn ,  soap opera style plot .hope i don't offend those who loved the book  :
this book was horrible .   if it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have .   i am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend .   i read half of it ,  suffering from a headache the entire time ,  and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire .   one less copy in the world .  .  . don't waste your money .i wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes .   this book wasted my life
although interesting ,  these are designs and concepts that are not practical in the real world .   but ,  if all you want are some pretty pictures .  .
i had expected an insightful analysis of the motivations behind modern terrorism .  instead i got a diatribe against western liberalism .  lee harris is the poster child for the modern john birchers ,  people who believe our way is not only the best way ,  its the only way .  in an increasingly global economic and political system ,  his view of the world can be said to be outmoded ,  at best quaint ,  at worst pathological for if we are truely to address the problems facing humanity over the next 100 years ,  we will need tolerance and inclusivness .
i'm really a great fan of douglas coupland ,  which is perhaps much of the reason i found this book so disappointing .  i hate the fact that it has been dubbed the new microserfs ,  since it totally lacks the insight ,  wit and 'funny because its true' apsects of the original .  about the only thing it has in common with  microserfs is the fact that its set in the same industry .jpod is set in a landscape of unreality ,  with no apparent reason than to make a series of whacky adventures for eccentric ,  and for the most part unlikeable ,  characters .  it certainly doesnt reflect the it industry of today ,  and the members of the jpod really only seem to represent those aspects of this community which give programmers a bad reputation ,  as essentially dysfunctional  ( autistic )  as they are .  there doesnt even seem to be any real focus for this story .  i felt like i was mostly reading about a heap of stuff that 'happened' .its not all bad ,  and there were more than a few humorous moments ,  and interesting plot twists .  coupland's highly approachable and fast moving writing style hasn't changed .  its really just the subject matter and whatever its trying to communicate that seems to have fallen in a heap ,  in this book .  i normally devour all of his books within a day or two ,  and want to read them again soon after ,  but it was a real struggle just to get through this one to the end
when i first got diagnosed with add  ( as an adult )  i believe the exact phrase  " you mean i'm not lazy ,  crazy or stupid ?  "  went through my mind .   finally ,  there was an explanation .so when i heard about a book by that name ,  certainly i had to check it out .   once i did though ,  i was sorely disappointed .i have add ,  yes .   nevertheless ,  i've still managed to get pretty far in life in spite of the  " handycap "  the authors of this book seem so eager to hide under .it's been a while since i read it ,  but i have the distinct recollection of finding some new example of a  " you can't succeed in the world because you are 'disabled' "  mentality on every page .   you can't do this ,  you can't do that ,  you've failed and you will continue to fail - just accept it .excuse me ?   i don't know about the authors of this book ,  but my add makes me creative and intuitive and perceptive and just generally a genuinely unique and awesome person  ( egomania aside )  .   where is this addressed ?   where are the helpful hints for harnessing that kind of potential ?if they're in there ,  i sure didn't see them .   all i found were new little tricks for combatting the  " affliction "  with which i am  ( oh so unfortunately )  beset .   using these tricks ,  i can hope against hope for some semblence of a  " normal "  life they say .   thanks but no thanks .   i'm doing pretty well so far ,  and i refuse to feel like some sort of mental cripple .if you ,  and the authors are happy considering yourself as something less than the rest of the world because of the way your mind works ,  feel free - this is the perfect book for you .   but you can count me out .
i have read this book only once time ,  it tooks me about 1 hour ,  it is very basic ,  have not any important info ,  else that you can get from a free catalo
i looked at the 2002 printing as well as this 2006 revised printing in order to see what has been updated and all the reviews are identical .  why ?  which edition are people reviewing ?  i think amazon is making a mistake by not alloting reviews properly .i don't plan to buy this book until i can see the 2006 version and see if it's worth it myself
perhaps this book appeared to be a futuristic medical thriller when it first came out ,  but now it seems like a bad 1950s horror movie .   the story involves brain surgery gone bad ,  with a mix of artificial intelligence and mind control .   the end of the story was very predictable and played out exactly as i suspected from the very beginning of the book .
i have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more .  the language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words .  these books can cause you embaesment ,  since i read where ever i have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it .  please we would all like to see more of these
i purchased this book to gain a better insight about aspergers .   instead ,  it left me with many unanswered questions .   the book is the equivalent to a boring ,  monotonous `dear diary' that gets stuck in one era :  his college years and his interest in music .    ( this is understandable as the author is terrified of life outside of college ,  & music is all he knows .  )   yet i craved more details ,  i wanted to know more about mr .  shores' childhood ,  his parents ,  the stims ,  and the chaos .  .  . details !it felt as if the author was trying to prove how intelligent he is ,  boasting of his accomplishments and how he's almost neurotypical .   his failures were blamed on other people out to get him for unknown reasons .   lets say it for what it is :  a man who looks kind of disheveled and a bit `odd'  ( unabomber )  gets a job in a financial institution ,  he rides his bike in ,  hangs out in the shadows getting dressed ,  doesn't socialize - and no one wants him around .   it's because he's weird !   yet the author blames his co-workers .i'm sorry but the reality is ,  the author probably can't see and understand that he is different because he has aspergers !    i mean ,  most typical people can spot someone that is odd/weird/different a mile away .   they avoid them not because they're being hurtful ,  they just can't relate to that person .i wished he had focused in much greater detail about his feelings ,  emotions and behaviors when he was younger-to gain a better understanding of what shaped him into the person he is now .   the book was written as if he fast-forwarded through his entire youth and got stuck on `pause' when he got to college .   while this is obsessively interesting to him ,  it was tiring reading page after page of redundant accounts of his college days .there is no depth to the book ,  it was shallowly written and there is not enough elaboration to make me understand ,   ( or want to for that part )  what makes stephen shore the person he is .   while this may be due in part to his disorder ,  it left so much to be desired .i'm sorry to anyone who takes offense to this review ,  as this is not my intention .   i applaud mr .  shores accomplishments and the hurtles he's overcome .   he must be much more dimensional than the book conveys .    i wanted to know more about him and not what he's done in his life .i'd suggest a better read would be one of temple grandin's books .   i got a true feeling of who she is and an understanding of how she got there and how autism fits in .   she goes into details about what she was thinking as a girl ,  teenager and adult .   her pranks ,  her temper ,  the metaphors and their importance .  . everything .i bought this book based on reviews ,  and i felt it necessary to give mine .
author la guardia mentions how the lemba of africa have the jewish gene .  fine !  but when he deals  ( in several pages mind you ) with the falashas  ( also of africa )  he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these jews not to be descended from the 12 tribes of israel despite the falashas's longtime rep for possibly being a lost tribe of israel which ,  again ,  has now been 100% disproven through genetic studies
like most critics of objectivism ,  mr .  walker focuses his criticism on ayn rand's frailties and idiosyncrasies rather than the principles of the philosophy she founded .   my disappointment in his book was immediate and i have to say it's as unoriginal a piece of writing as any other critic i've read .   his cynicism drips from almost every sentence and his contempt for all things objectivism is obvious to anyone who takes ideas seriously .   i cannot recommend this book even to those interested in contrasting views of her approach to philosophy ;  this book was written for those of like mind to the author .  .  . whatever mind they can be said to have .the body and scope of work done by objectivist scholars who've never met ayn rand now ellipses her work - both fiction and non-fiction - and the work of her original core of thinkers .   to characterize the movement as a cult may have had some validity in the years prior to her death ,  but only in the most remote sense of the word .   right now the ranks of objectivism are swelling with intelligent people who differ in background and in opinion .   mr .  walker's principle mistake is looking at objectivism as something that was born exclusively from the mind of ayn rand .  .  . something miss rand herself would disagree with .   objectivism is the logical continuation of a line of thought that views mankind as a reasoning animal .  .  . a line that extends back through history and begins  ( explicitly )  with aristotle .   those  ( like mr .  walker )  who dismiss it on the basis of miss rand's personality and the culture of people that grew around her in her lifetime are truly missing an opportunity to enlighten themselves .there is no doubt ayn rand is a polarizing figure ;  my advice to those inclined to read mr .  walker's book is to read miss rand's books as well .   particularly her non-fiction .   i'm not a real big fan of her novels or fiction in general - it was rand's non-fiction works that first inspired me to study her philosophy - so my first suggestion would be  " philosophy :  who needs it .  "   i enjoyed her novels ,  but i enjoyed her non-fiction more
i fail to understand all of the hoopla about susan sontag .  while i have only read a limited selection of her work ,  in these essays ,  &quot ; against interpretation&quot ;  being the ultimate example ,  sontag emerges as a simple-minded ,  arrogant ignoramus .  in her utterly unreasoned invective ,   sontag ignores  ( or is just unable to understand )  two critical facts .  first ,   some works of art and theory are difficult to understand  ( in varying  degrees )  without the help of interpretation .  sontag's flawed analysis of  the supposed ruination of the works of kafka by interpretation demonstrates  that not only is she among this crowd ,  she has clearly reached new and  unheard of misguided heights .  second ,  sontag ignores the fact that works of  art in other languages cannot be understood in translation without the help  of interpretation and criticism that demonstrates the extent to which  aspects of a certain culture are imbedded in the original language .  this  couldn't possibly be clearer than in poetry .  weinberger's excellent  &quot ; nineteen ways of looking at wang wei&quot ;  ,  which adroitly considers  the subject ,  hadn't been released when sontag published this essay but it  probably wouldn't have made a difference .  what was she thinking ?  the only  good aspect of the essay  ( and why i give it 2 stars instead of 1 or zero )   is the fact that it has given me ample opportunity to win arguments against  individuals who are flawed in their thinking enough to enjoy sontag's  writing
does d . s .  know any other law schools besides ,  harvard and yale for her characters to have attended .  i am so tired of her books .  .  . this is it for me .   its the usual suspects for her .  .  . rich and white .  .  .  . quite boring .   i used to love her and would read anything from her ,  but those days are over .  .  .  .  . maybe she should retire
i'm sorry to say ,  this work will not rate very highly on my scale .the author is brilliant ,  not to mention right on the things he says .  it's just that the writer's style is so abstract and nebulous that he's absolutely maddening to try and follow .  one moment ,  he'll be talking about how religion evolved ,  and the next he jumps to an illustration that takes half a page and uses language that is so illusive you ask ,   " what in the world is he saying now ?  "  i got so excited in the first chapter while things made sense ,  and then noticed how he drifted here and there ,  making good points and then totally abandoning them .i bought this book three years ago and just recently finished reading it because i had to keep going out of my way to put it down and come back to it !  !  it never seemed to get better .  i gleaned a few good points and enjoyed it .  .  . well .  .  . sort of ,  but the author is so unclear at times that it drives you nuts - and this is coming from an atheist who agrees with the philosophical position of the author !overall ,  i really cannot recommend it unless you are a very slow ,  contemplative reader who doesn't mind an unorthodox read .  other than that ,  the book is packed with some good info .  i just wish i could have gotten to it more easily .( jh )www . ministerturnsatheist . or
this book is poorly written .   although it is one of the most update-to-date versions out ther ,  it seems muddled and repetitive .   i was surprised at the number of grammatical mistakes and errors .   clearly little time was spent editing this book .   i'm not sure how it got to be a new york times bestseller ,  outside of the fact that it is related to harry potter .   i'd advise going with a different biography
the book isn't good at all .  i'm sorry .  i loved i am legend and seeing the list of books this guy has written which had been developed into classic horror movies  ( hell house included )  i was really excited to read this .  i have heard many complaints about the book from calling it  " soft porn "  to  " sick soft porn "  and then even being offended by the sacrilege present in the tale .  sacrilege in a book called .  .  . hell house is probably something you need to come to terms with before picking it up .  attacking the author because of the content is really something that is not necessary .  i doubt these were mathis'  " sexual fantasies "  in the book but more likely his idea of melding something pleasurable together with something terrifying .  it is an effective way to convey horror to a reader .  similar to enacting horrible violence on children ,  or worse ,  babies in cinema  ( try watching the hills have eyes without being on the edge of your seat while the villains in the movie dangle the fate of an infant in your face )  .  mathis should not be condemned for content .here is what he did right .  he took the idea of a haunted house and brought it into the world of science .  much like i am legend used science to define its vampires ,  hell house uses science to define hauntings and it is very well researched and believable within the framework of the story .the bad parts may be more numerous .  his characterization is horrid .  there are four characters really and their personalities do not define them .  you will remember barrett by his limp ,  fishcer by his fear ,  florence by her religious beliefs ,  and edith .  .  . well because there is no one else .  they are paper thin and have no real motivations .  the pacing seems poor too .  a lot of moments are left on revelations in the point of view characters mind which that character has not fully processed because the chapter ends before they can relay it and all of its profound meaning to you ,  the reader .  as a matter of fact the revelations themselves ,  when all is said and done ,  are really pretty dull .  there is also a habit characters have ,  when going into great lengths of exposition that goes on for pages ,  to cup their hands around a coffee cup .  it seems too much like a commercial for me !  anyway ,  the book hardly slows down for characterization or details and we get very few vivid descriptions in the book .  sometimes i wanted to know what things looked like ,  i wanted imagery not just exposition for pages .  what was it about the atmosphere that ,  say fischer found so scary ?  we needed the scenes to be better developed .  by the end i was so tired of lines like :" god do you know what this means ?  "" what ?  "" i can't tell you now but it's freakin' awesome !  "that exchange is not in the book but you will find many similar moments throughout .  just tell us already !  the fear should come through our attachment to the characters not the mystery of the house because the mystery of the house is kind of weak .  this book is not worth it ,  unfortunately .  i hate to say it because i am legend is really good  ( though it did suffer from some of the same things i pointed out above ,  though on a smaller level )  .  it's the classic  " show don't tell "  advice
i was disapointed when i downloaded it and got 8 pages .as a customer ,  i expected to have the digital version of the full book and not a summary .i thought that the price difference was due to the absence of paper ,  printing ,  handling ,  shipping ,  etc .the hardcover version is more than 300 pages ;  if you take the price per page of the digital version ,  the hardcover version should cost then ten times more !  !  !all the examples are referred to that version and nowhere i was said that i was paying 5 dollars for a completely different product .i honestly believed that i was buying the full book .i will think better before ebuying again .  .  .
the material is first-rate but his writing style is horrid .  his five-part typology of memory doesn't make sense since he is basically repeating the same theme for each type of memory in each chapter .  the underlying theme is about the destruction and shattering of the self .  very poorly written and bad organizatino of his material .  there are much better and clearer books on the holocaust !  don't bother with this one
this is a revolutionary book .  it introduces the stage metaphor into sociology ;  all of social interaction is a performance on a stage .  it's questionable how novel this metaphor is ,  but this is certianly its first explicit statement .  the language used to present the ideas of the author is ,  like most sociological writing ,  unecessarily complicated .  there are some problems with clarity and structure ;  the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me .  no sociological background is presupposed ,  there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources ,  many footnotes ,  and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book .  so if you are interested in reading sociology ,  this is probably a good place to start  ( again ,  the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction )  .however ,  the book is misguided .  the idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary .  the authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer .( the following is a charicature of the author's argument )  .  there is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people  ( the audience )  in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor .  well ,  if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations ,  infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage ,   " all the world is not ,  of course ,  a stage ,  but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify "   ( p 72 )  .  the performances can either be with individuals ,  or groups of people ,  and they can be performing conciously or unconciously .   ( end of charicature )there are other arguments ,  obviously ,  and the statement  " we can draw a parallel with other situations "  is most of the content of the book ,  which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence .  but the real question here is ,  is the view worthwhile ?  my answer :  no .  social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor .  yes ,  some social interaction is like a performance ,  where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another .  yes ,  some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs .  however ,  most social interaction is exactly the way we see it ,  conciously controlled ,  meaningful ,  purposeful interaction with individuals ;  it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a  " reality "  .i hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out :  the book is a waste of time .  where the author is right ,  the statement is little more than common sense .  where the author goes outside of common sense ,  he's wrong ,  sometimes plainly so .  this book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes ,  that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control  ( here the wool is the performance ,  and the control has to do with impressions  .  .  .  but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions )  .  there is no real empirical support given for most of the claims .  where  " evidence "  is given ,  the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter .  where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth .  various sources of sociology are cited ,  but this is more like intellectual bullying .  saying that some author ,  which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims ,  agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims .  the claims in the book have no practical application in the world ,  but only serve to intepret situations differently ,  and in personal opinion ,  less correctly .  nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology .  in short ,  this isnt a scientific study at all .my final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph ,  the use of language .  the best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction  " a performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants "   ( 15 )  .  this is a curios definition .  me breathing while i work is a performance ,  it changes the percentages of o2 and co2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers .  me staring into space is a performance ,  other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced .  infact ,  me simply existing is a performance ,  since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants ,  as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing .  its as if goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person ,  and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance .  he didnt .  he used a word that we associate with controlled behavior  ( performance )  and defined it in a way no one is used to .  then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance ,  its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality .  i hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to goffman and sociology more generally .so an ode to sociology is in order  .  .  .  actually no it isnt .  why wont this subject go away ?  this book is an integral part of sociology ,  and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition .  the methods are questionable ;  the style is obscure .  like it or hate it ,  sociology is a part of modern thought .  read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
mark rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in america .   most of his ideas are solid ,  but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book 5 stars and used the word  " interesting "  to describe it .   did they actually read it ?this book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different ,  yet equally boring ways .   i honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever .   this book could have been written in about 150 pages instead of the 250 it actually took if he simply used his original ,  not to mention solid ,  ideas .   the nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument .not only was the book dry ,  but it also seemed to fail to acknowledge the global system the us is a part of ,  and in particular ,  the role that immigration plays on poverty in the us .   he talks about the us and the people in it as if they were static ,  but we live in a very fluid world ,  growing more fluid everyday ,  and i feel that his failure to ackowledge this fact truly hurts his overall argument .
author la guardia mentions how the lemba of africa have the jewish gene .  fine !  but when he deals  ( in several pages mind you ) with the falashas  ( also of africa )  he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these jews not to be descended from the 12 tribes of israel despite the falashas's longtime rep for possibly being a lost tribe of israel which ,  again ,  has now been 100% disproven through genetic studies
i just finished listening to as much of the book on cd as i could stomach .   the minutia and lack of knowledge of police terminology and tactics was nauseating .   the words forhead ,  perp ,  peruse ,  crim ,  and finger were repeated over and over and over .   what might have been a good story in half the words was ruined by descriptions of everyone's clothing ,  spouses ,  children ,  and thinking
this is a fairly helpful book for those born before the '70s-- a time when  " a yarn "  wasn't an archaic term .  does it give some helpful hints ?   sure ,  there's the obvious ones like show don't tell and all characters have free will .  but fiction has changed a lot since henry james  ( thankfully )  ,  and this book might be better left unread .  plus ,  i don't buy the  " only people who aren't well-read don't like it "  argument .  i've read nearly all the books mentioned and i still wish i never bought this book
gives many examples of weapons ,  most of which are useful .gives no/few examples of rings/armours/rods/staffs/shieldsdoesn't really think out a lot of the bonuses ,  also i question a lot of the penalties one has to take to use a legacy weapon .  about the only table worth taking is 4-1 ,  or 4-2 .  sure its a minus three to your saves ,  and a minus 2 to your attack power ,  and a whole slew of hp .  the rest of them are so painful they aren't worth taking .also all the caster  " tables "  the ones your suppost to use if your a caster but losing caster levels and spell slots left and right doesn't make any sense .  no matter what feats and wizardry skills its not worth it .  those could have been more thought out .also i question the fact that in some cases the lowest tables ,  a ,  d ,  and g .  seem to be a lot better than the b ,  e and h tables just from the way they interact with things .  i do fully agree that the top end capability you can add to your legacy item is quite powerful ,  the i table is filled with many useful things the you wish you could have picked two of them .  what i wish/want was if they're was some way to trade lower level slots to get you the capacity to get two i table skills .  also some way to get either more or less slots if you take a less dangerous or more dangerous tables of the legacy grid .the rules for weapons and fighters/barbarians/paladins/rangers .  are very well thought out and are very powerful .  yet for anyone other class they need heavy modification to be workable .  in a caster heavy campaign like the one i run and participate in its a very low value book
this was one of five books that i brought from amazon . com and by far the worst of the lot .   this man has one idea about how the government really works .   take it from me i have been with the irs for five years
petra of all places .  supernatural protection ,  persecution ,  on ad naseum .  the one drug on ,  and on ,  and on ,   and on  .  .  .  .  .  .same tired story ,  persecution by carpathia a lame attempt at evil incarnate and his lackies .  sorry .  .i think the series denegrates christianity rather then exalting it .    i've read all 12 and found it morose and condemning .  the opposite of how i view christianity is .
i agree with another reviewer who said the book was unnecessarily long .   genetic algorithms are a great programming tool ,  and there are some tips and tricks that can help your programs converge faster and more accurately ,  but this book had a lot of redundant information .if you are interested in using ga for solution-finding ,  i doubt you'll find much useful in this book beyond the first chapter or so .   many of the examples later in the book were so specific that i couldn't see how they could be usefully generalized .   really optimizing a ga approach for a specific problem domain takes a fair amount of tuning ,  and this book won't help much with that .i think time spent surfing siteseer or other publication sites would be better spent than reading this book .
this is like teen-love-fiction ,  and by that i mean it's like a teenager wrote it ,  one who uses bad detail ,  cliche phrases ,  overused idioms ,  bad dialogue and poorly crafted plot .meet mr .  millionaire who teaches polo to a woman -- and they of course fall in love ,  slowly ,  boringly ,  painfully .    then the kids come in and the remainder of the book is like a couple dealing with kids ,  with no plot development .  yuck .she says on the back she's responding to a call for something like energy and thrills and sexy writing .   uh ,  not in this one .   the only sexy scene is on page 138 ,  and that's not very good either .the best part of the book is that it proves she really does need to go back and learn the craft of writing because either she never learned it or she forgot what she learned
this was a comprehensive collection of statistics and war department strategy notes but it had no life .  it gave no feel for the soldier ,  sailor or marine on the ground .   it was all acronyms and big picture strategy .  if you are looking for something less academic and more readable try a different account of the battle .  since this was one of the most gruelling and bloody encounters of the war ,  the participants should get more ink .  here ,  the brass get all the attention
as a piece of entertainment ,  this book falls flat .  way flat .   there is a story here ,  but mundane sub-plots  ( including the love story )  are thrown in in an attempt to fill the pages to make it a book .   i found myself skipping pages - lots of them - to get to the point .   overall ,  very disappointing .
i find some parts of didion's book very relatable ,  at least when she's exploring her feelings of shock ,  the superstitious feelings ,  and the obsessive re-living of her husband's last few days and death .   but these sections become less and less frequent as the book continues ,  and it all seems to devolve .but pertaining to the audiobook :   what is with the music they insist on playing in the  " background "  at the end of sections ?   the first time it came on ,  i took out my earphones to see if someone in my office was inexplicably blaring piano solos .   it's weird and invasive and distracts from the reading
i'm a long time fan of the anna pigeon mysteries ,  and have read all the others .  unfortunately ,   " hard truth "  does not live up to the quality of ms .  barr's earlier works .  it feels very contrived .  it also appears to take advantage of stereotypes against religious groups .  this book just does not meet the expectations i've come to expect from the series .
the first book of auster's new york trilogy was originally published in 1985 ,  and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel .  i've never read the original  ( or any of the other parts of the trilogy )  ,  so i can't comment on karasik and mazzicchelli's adaptation .  however ,  i can say that since i'm not particularly fond of existentialist or postmodernist literature  ( those two terms being the most common critical shorthand for auster's story )  ,  this really didn't do anything for me at all .  the story is basically an exercise in metafiction ,  and if you like that stuff ,  great -- i do not .  it is dressed up  ( at least initially )  in the mystery genre ,  but that's just window dressing .   ( there's a long legacy ,  especially in france ,  of cloaking novels and films of ideas in genre trappings  ( for example alain robbe-grillet's two books the erasers and the voyeur ,  or the films of jean-pierre melville .  )the story begins fairly straightforwardly :  a reclusive writer of potboiler mysteries named daniel quinn lives in new york on his own since the death of his wife and son .  a complete stranger calls him and thinks quinn is a private detective named paul auster and begs him to to take his case .   ( the writer paul auster ,  and his family ,  shows up for one scene -- it's that kind of book .  )  quinn meets with the strange man ,  who was raised in rather harrowing circumstances by his professor father ,  who was seeking to discover the true language of god .  the father has been released from jail and quinn is supposed to keep an eye on him and report .  everything starts to derail when he loses track of both the old man he's been following ,  and his clients .  he spends several months watching the building and going crazy .  once he realizes they've disappeared ,  he finds his own life has disappeared as well .  obviously this is all somewhat about identity ,  but it's more about fun stuff like language ,  representation ,  and other tiresome postmodern subjects  ( as are the other two parts of the trilogy ,  which involve a man spying on someone ,  and yet another disappearance )  .it has to be said that the artwork does an admirable job of treating the bizarro world auster has thrust his characters into .  the simple ,  heavy black and white inking is a perfect match to the material ,  especially when the representations become less literal and more symbolic .  however ,  if your taste runs more toward things like plots and characters ,  this is probably not for you .  fans of auster may enjoy this ,  but fans of the graphic novel form are probably going to be much less keen .
the book was fun but the fact that it is too long overshadowed all this fun .  i got the impression it was rather written to become a movie .  all i can say is that thanks to c . bushnell for 'sex and the city' .
mcknight's concerns about communities' dependency on professional assistance are legitimate ,  but disturbingly overstated in this book .in the end i felt mcknight's trashing of the already well-trodden government provision of social services may not be altogether helpful to distressed communities .   he sidesteps concerns of capital mobility and exploitation and the pernicious effects wrought by years of discrimination .   any debate over when and where and how social programs can be effective is cast aside as well ,  since in mcknight's picture ,  social programs and the professional service providers are ,  in fact ,  the vilains and culprits for most of what ails society .one of the damaging fallacies that seems to be perpetuated in this book is that service professionals are not able to be both professional and caring - the two are deemed mutually incompatible .   mcknights views resonate with employers' caring rhetoric - conveniently invoked every time a healthcare worker tries to claim she does care about patients but is still entitled to a living wage or ,  perhaps ,  health insurance .what is further implied is that communities will readily and ably take up the reign of providing for themselves and their members when denied more institutionalized professional services .   it seems implied that communities had no problems before the social programs to solve them came into being .   in this ,  i think i see mcknight is invokeing an idealized notion of an society at an earlier time ;  maybe his argument would have seemed more reasoble in a time when families were less geographically mobile and may have constituted an economic unit ,  when the elderly lived shorter lives and were less numerous themselves with more children to care for them ,  and the local economic activities were more functionally interdependent .but mcknight's model for today's cure doesn't seem to fit today's conditions .   on the other hand ,  mcknights solutions may be the only ones available in a society where budget cuts and elimination of social services seem the prevailing trend .
it's not that the actual story is nonsense but they guy has included so much 'fluff' that you get board waiting on a paragraph with real content .   this book was so frustrating ,  i really wish i had saved myself the bother of reading it
most books that set out to explain why organisms behave as they do describe observations of behaviour on almost every page .  the books of richard dawkins ,  whom rose selects as his special target ,  illustrate this well :  readers can reject all of his interpretations while remaining fascinated by the purely factual information that they contain .  how one can hope to convince anyone of the truth of a theory without supporting it with abundant facts ?  yet hard biological information is extremely sparse in rose's book .  there is a great deal about what he thinks of other biologists' opinions ,  but almost no observations from behavioural biology .  nonetheless ,  in his preface he aligns himself with the practising biologists  " who spend a significant part of every working day thinking about and designing experiments "  ,  dismissing dawkins and daniel dennett as  " people who either no longer do science or never did it .  "  what a pity ,  therefore ,  that he chose to include so little of the experimental basis of his ideas in his book .  there are a few vague remarks about how chicks behave ,  and that's about it .
i was very disapointed by this book .  after just finishing the 400+ pages book  " bull !  from maggie mahar "  which is an absolute ecxellent book about market cycles  ( although the more recent boom of 1982-1999 )  ,   " the great crash "  was really hard to read .  it totally shows its age  ( it was written more than 50 years ago )  .  the language is hard to understand and some words seem weird in todays time .but its not just the language which makes this book not enjoyable .  it is not written with much entertainment value ,  and the book i mentioned earlier shows clearly that it is quite possible to write an very entertaining book about the stock market .  it also is very superficial ,  it doesn't go into much detail at all .  it doesn't tell any examples of real people or anything which would make the book more readable .it lists names and companies without doing a good part of explaning why it lists them .  sometimes i was thinking to myself  " please get to your point .  "that book was probably a good read in 1955 while people still could relate to most of the names he lists .  but now  ( 2004 )  there must be better books out there about the crash of 1929 .i give it two stars and not one  ( you can't give zero stars )  because it has some interesting facts .  overall i would not recommend this book .  try another one about this subject
the book's appearance and story line are both lighthearted and gentle with the underlying message that acceptance is the highest of all virtues .  this approach will probably work for a typical 5 year old child in a lesbian led household - especially a girl child .  if the child is a boy and/or approachng 8 or 9 years old ,  the hard questions start coming and this book pretends these questions will never be asked .doesn't everyone have a father ,  somewhere ?  who is my father ?  what is he like ?  where is he ?  does he know about me ?  does he care about me ?  why don't i know ?  why don't you know ,  mommy ?mommy ,  when you grew up you lived with your daddy ,  why don't i ?when i grow up ,  should i live with a man or a woman ?  why ?  how/when will i know ?  does it matter ?  is our family really a complete family if my father is unknown ?i want to be a father some day .  how do i learn what good fathers do ?i love my friends and my dog ; does that make us a family ?think about it .
if you are a christian ,  this book isn't for you .  it is full of blashphemy ,  concluding that we must  "  .  .  .  forgive god "  and that we must love god  "  .  .  .  even if he isnt perfect "  .  kusher even has the will to say that  "  .  .  . god would not be god .  .  .  "  without our love for him .  at one point he reduces god to an aminal saying that in the garden of eden ,  when god said  "  .  .  . let us make man in our image "  he was speking to animals and creation .  kusher explains that god created the world ,  and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution .since when was god in need of forgiveness ?  isnt it that  "  .  .  .  god so loved the world "  and it wasnt us that loved god ?  i have no words in describing this book .  it is full of error ,  because it does not base it self on the gospel of jesus christ .  all this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner ,  and that it isnt your fault ,  and that actully you are a good person .  why do bad things happen to good people ?  wrong question .  there are no good people in the world in the first place .   "  for all have sinned and come short of the glory of god .  .  .  "  the world is in sin .  the world does not have good people !  !  only by the grace of god ,  through faith in jesus christ you are made righteous .  i beg you in the name of jesus christ to stay away from this book .  it hasnt helped 4 million people ,  but it lied to them .  kusher ,  please turn from your ways and come to jesus ,  then will you understand the life question  " why "
i was disappointed with this purchase .  if you read the book jacket ,  you have gotten about all of the information out of it that's coming .
if you have fond memories of ms steele ,  or no memory at all because you're new to her ,  please .  .  .  don't read this book .liam looks like a child with his long blond hair ;  he acts up because no one can control him since that's what his parents tried to do to him ;  he sees any  " no "  as a slap in the face because once again ,  that's what his parents did to him .sasha looks like a cold woman with her pale skin and dark hair always pulled back ;  she is totally concerned about her reputation :   " but what will they think of me ?  "  and can't stand up for her needs ;  she refuses to lower her standards ,  but when liam leaves ,  she falls into a  " morbid depression "  and goes back to him .repeat for 300 pages .  .  ." careless ,  "   " self-indulgent ,  "   " filler "  are three words i'd use to describe it
i borrowed this from my sister-in-law to read .  it is the first barr book i have read .   i did not like it because of several reasons .   first of all ,  the vulgar language was too much .    one can write a fantastic thriller without words that are in the gutter .    second ,  it was so mundane for a mystery .   the writer could have made this a very interesting book with the setting being in yellowstone national park .someone needs to give me a book of barr's to prove that she can write an interesting book using words that are common to our daily language instead of trash talk .   ( by that i mean words one would use in professions of integrity .  )
totally disappointing .   from the beginning the novel read well ,  but like a sherlock holmes mystery at the end the person who committed the crimes came out of the blue  .   i ,  personally ,  do not like reading this type of mystery .  .  .  . i want clues .   alas ,  there were none .   also ,  the characters did not make sense .  .  .  .  . most were too undeveloped .  .  .  .  . mr .  patterson needs to go back to the drawing board & try to forget the $$$ he is being paid up front by the publisher
you know ,  i hate to burst the bubble of devoted trotskyites across the globe ,  but trotsky was just as responsible for stalin's rule as anyone .  for leon to blame stalin is the height of hypocrisy .  without lenin's apparatus of social repression and trotsky's apparatus of military dictatorship ,  stalin would never have been .the russian revolution was never a win for workers .  it destroyed them ,  some 4 million at lenin's hands ,  30 million by stalin ,  and 65 million by mao tse-tung .no policy or ideology that denies the soul can ever succeed .  and communism does just that .  by denying that which makes humans humans ,  it can bring only suffering
i work in a school library and as a cat lover am always seeking out the cat books .   this one caught my eye and i was expecting something wonderful .   i found the story to be hopeless and defeating .   how sad the only comfort the father has to offer is composting tips and the last memory the child has to hold is that of a decomposing cat .   i'm no censor ,  but two thumbs way down .   also ,  if you are looking for something wonderful for pet loss ,  try cynthia rylant's ,  cat heaven
i am a chef and an avid collector of cookbooks .  i find the recipes of this book to be mediocre at best ,  terribly organized and lengthy .  i am not interested in lawson's endless anecdotes ,  rather ,  i would prefer her stories to be replaces by pictures  ( an essential for cooking books ,  in my opinion )  ,  of which there are none .  i was disappointed ,  and would not recommend this book to anyone .  for basic ,  great recipes ,  i would suggest any of ina garten's books .  her recipes are no-fail and the books are well done .
i wish i could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through white noise to the bitter ,  bitter end .   not since jane smiley's moo has such a dull tome been written aobut ,  among other things ,  ameican academia .   little happens of note .   no one cares about the cardboard characters .   someone gets shot in the belly ,  for no good reason .   and yet this is fawnedover as a comic masterpiece by ,  among others ,  the new york times .   i ahve been told to read white noise before i picked up underworld .   have no fear .   i'll undergo root canal without novocain before i try that one on for size .   i've been reading nothing but plumber's trade journals and german magazines just to try to get the taste of this novel out of my mouth for the past few days .   i'm thinking of getting the definitive curious george collection just so i don't have to read any words .   at least that guy in the big yellow hat knew enough to keep his mouth shut ,  unlike that noncompoop jack gladney and his boring friends .   if people prersist in thinking this is great literature ,  i suggest giving up reading altogether .
the prologue of this book lead me to believe this was going to be a very touching love story of a woman losing the love of her life and finding love again .   i was disappointed ,  soon after ,  when it turned into a gardening manual and a tale about ghosts ,  with a sort of haphazard romance thrown in the middle-and then even that was disappointing .   i mean graceland for a first date ?   i noticed a lot of similarities between roz and the mayor in northern lights ,  and logan and nate from that same book .   none of them can talk in complete sentences .   and stella ,  who comes across as this loving mother ,  who puts her kids before anything else ,  works from sun up to sun down and is so smug that she thinks the whole business is going to come crashing down around everybody if she isn't there to oversee everything ,  even though the place has been successful for years .   there is no addressing the issue of moving on with her life after the death of her husband ,  she just does it .  unless ,  of course ,  it was in the last 50 pages which i didn't bother to read because i just couldn't torture myself any longer .   and i'm a big fan of roberts .   i love her quinn brothers books and a lot of her other work .   but this just stunk because i could really care less who the ghost is going to turn out to be .   i'm certainly not going to suffer through the last two books to find out .
i don't own this book nor have i read it ,  but if that first sentence is any indication of the quality of writing ,  i won't ever .   it is not a sentence .   one would think you would save your non-sentences for someplace else in a book ,  not start off with one ,  giving your readers the impression that you are all hat and no cattle before you even make your points
it truly is the best war fiction regarding wwii if you have never read any other fiction regarding wwii .  i love war fiction and non-fiction and beside parroting the time magazine blurb prominently displayed in the novel i can not even come close to understanding why anyone ,  let alone review after review ,  would even come close to that stupefying conclusion .  to me it is the best example of intellectual snobbery that critics like to pat themselves on the back with .  only they understand and you lesser intellects are not capable of appreciating .  what it is ,  is a bloated ,  narcisstic ,  misogynistic waste of time .of course any piece of literature is subjective ,  but to me ,  this critically acclaimed work fails on every level that a novel should ,  regardless of genre .  unless you love james joyce  ( another bad writer lorded over us by the critically elite )  ,  i think most readers expect some sort of plot development .  don't expect that here .  how about engaging characters that develop and grow throughout the novel ?  you better pick up something else .   it seems to me the reader should at least be invested in one of the character's outcome .  far too pedestrian a thought if you  " get "  this art .  if i can't have any of that how about writing a character that is even remotely likable ?  forget it non-ivy leaguer !  i was rooting for the japanese to kill them all ,  so at least their  " loved "  ones at home would be spared of these nearly universally despicable human beings .  the only thing that propelled me to finish was to get to the ending that would perhaps tie together the painful experience of reading these soldier's hateful ruminations while ,  oh by the way ,  a war was being fought around them .  nope ,  no big ending either .  it just ends .yes ,  i have heard that the plodding ugliness and pointlessness of the entire book is to symbolize war itself .  give me a break .  while this may be bad news for us common folk duped into reading it ,  it certainly is good news for tom clancy .  his last two decades of literature are just misunderstood genius depicting the banality of human existence and not bad writing at all .
this book is the reason i've read only one john updike novel .  i was so disgusted by the people ,  the plot ,  and the very boring and unrelated technical passages that i never read another updike .  i thought the characters were completely unrealistic
the kite runner gets off to such a good start ,  with its blend of history ,  observations about daily life in kaboul ,  and a compelling story of two boys growing up together .  the second half goes badly astray ,  as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental .  by the end of the book ,  the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation .  i wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up ,  stay focused ,  and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
i'll put my opinion first ,  so there won't be any doubt in your mind .   i don't believe that you can write useful books about national character .   is there really such a thing as &quot ; national character&quot ;  ?  people are  just too different ,  too unpredictable .  how well can you predict the  behavior of the people closest to you  ?   how well can you predict what  people in your own country will do  ?   would every italian ,  if they could  write well ,  have written the same book as mr .  barzini  ?   i seriously doubt  it .   so what we have in the italians is one man's views on the conglomerate  nature of 50 million italians .   after reading it ,  i felt even more strongly  that such books ,  though possibly entertaining ,  are a waste of time .   an  informative book about unicorns--but do they exist  ?    anthropologists have  been concerned ,  for many years ,  in getting the &quot ; inside view&quot ; --the  view of a culture as seen by the person within it .   while barzini is  indisputable italian ,  he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign  visitors ,  then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there ,  why  they are as visitors see them ,  or why they are not as foreigners may think .    this is not a successful gambit .   cultures are based on many general  factors--like history ,  socio-economic patterns ,  religion ,  family ,   etc . ---but the specific results are just that ,  specific .   barzini covers  many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of  something rather than actually having that quality ;  the family vs .  the  state ;  italian modes of achieving success ;  the north-south split ;  sicily  and the mafia ;  and last ,  the tragedy of italy's long domination by  foreigners .   but nothing really connects .   there are only superficial ,   scattered impressions ,  nothing very concrete to grasp .   the reader is left  with a handful of stereotypes .   barzini is at his best when describing the  lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history .    these sections were well-written and interesting .   but his portrayal of  italian &quot ; character&quot ;  is fuzzy ,  contradictory ,  and ultimately ,   unconvincing .   finally ,  if you are a lover of lists ,  you will thrill to  this book ,  because there is a list on nearly every single page .   myself ,  i  got pretty tired of those lists .   if you want to know something useful  about italy ,  read another book .   if you just want entertainment ,  which  might support any stereotypes you have about italians ,  then this book could  be for you
maybe it was me ,  but i kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and i had to put it down .   it was almost aggravating
cover blurb :when undercover work requires working under the covers ,  danger is an uninvited bedfellow .  .  .erin mckenzie ,  a newly promoted homicide detective ,  lands the assignment of her career when she is chosen to investigate elizabeth adams ,  the number one suspect in a slew of serial murders .  adams ,  elusive and devastatingly beautiful ,  is not only an accomplished seductress but also a lesbian .* * *i have just finished reading this book after struggling with it for two months and ,  quite frankly ,  it is probably the worst book i have ever taken the time to finish .  the only reason i prevailed to the bitter end was i wanted to see if it truly was as bad to the last page as it was from the first--and let me tell you ,  it was .not only was this slow-paced ,  stilted ,  plodding excuse for suspence peppered with paper-thin characters who all sounded vaguely familiar ,  but two of the three main protagonists are thinly disguised xeroxes of two beloved tv characters ,  minus the breast-plate ,  sword and loin-cloth skirt .  i leave you to work out who i'm refering too .this book desperately struggles with flat ,  stilted language that has neither voice nor colour ,  giving the descriptions of place and people about as much life as a body on the morgue slab awaiting autopsy .  add to that is the fact that at least 50-60 pages could easily have been cut from the length by a good editor ,  thereby maybe adding a smidgen of tension to the over-worked plotline .however ,  it is the three main protagonists who irritated me the most ,  the author seemingly unable to decide on personality traits and character ,  which vacillate in a jarring way .  i was left totally unsympathetic to any of them and the situations/circumstances they found themselves in .a very unsatisfying read
it certainly sounded exciting .   unfortunately ,  it's mostly a bunch of long winded articles on vague ideas that you've already thought of a hundred times .   that's not to say that the ideas aren't important .   i was simply expecting something a bit more focused by an author willing to take some risks .   on the bright side ,  the book won't become dated for quite some time .
this is my 3rd mcdermid novel ,  i previously read 'mermaids singing' and 'wire in the blood . ' mcdermid writes good prose but in this 3rd novel i see dangerous repetitions in character types which ,  if repeated in the next tony hill/carol jordan book will make that one my last purchase .  generally mcdermid paints female police officers as brighter ,  more diligent and more intuitive than their male counterparts ,  as well as more often homosexual .  the men ,  with the exception of leading man tony hill ,  are mostly all egotistical ,  back-stabbing ,  power-hungry morons of the lowest order ,  while hill is rendered impotent -- a redundant bit of emasculation since all the other males are castrated of their moral fiber .  the slow mating dance between hill and jordan gets a lot of buildup and little payoff .  and in this book ,  the serial killer and the surrounding hunt for him are as limply portrayed as dr .  hill .  the emotional connection between hill and the killers in the two previous books is missing here ,  making the entire killer plot read like an afterthought .  and the real villain -- not the serial killer but a drug-pushing / illegal-immigrant smuggler loses character focus as the reader is given reason to sympathize with him as well as with the killer .  the climactic scenes involving the capture of one villain and the death of another are without any sense of thrill or danger .  i was extremely disappointed with this book
i originally wrote a review of this book in 1999 ,  titled  " this is a racist book disguised as a work of art .  "   it seems that i didn't explain well enough my objection to styron's co-opting of the story of a real human being ,  nat turner ,  whose story was more accurately depicted in the 1831 book ,   " the confessions of nat turner ,  "  by t . r .  gray .   not only did styron steal the title of gray's book ,  in which gray recounts his interview with the real nat turner ,  but the incidents styron invents for the sake of drama reveal his southern-bred racism .unlike his depiction in styron's book ,  nat turner was married .   styron's invention of turner's pivotal and conflicted relationship with a white woman ,  margaret whitehead ,  is entirely fictional .   so is any self-doubt that turner did the right thing by leading the revolt .   in gray's account ,  turner did not express regret .  there is so much more depth to turner's life that is either fictionalized beyond recognition or left unexplored in this book .do those facts make a difference in a work of fiction ?   yes .  the parts styron has unnecessarily fictionalized are key to the story he invented .   turner's fictional relationship with margaret is saturated in the southern myth that black men are obsessed with white women -- lusting for the forbidden fruit ,  for which they must die .   that styron crawls into nat turner's skin in order to infect him with self-doubt about his mission emasculates turner and diminishes his cause .   what offends me most is that nat turner's life deserves to be explored by a modern author who does not condescend or patronize this african-american hero .   instead ,  we have william styron's version of turner's life ,  taken by many readers as fact .if one prefers racist fiction posing as a legitimate account of a life ,  then one might enjoy wallowing in this version of  " confessions .  "   but if one prefers reality ,  i recommend gray's book as well as other accounts available about the slave revolt at southampton ,  virginia .   styron's book does not provide significant insights into nat turner ,  slave revolt or slavery itself .   his book clouds the truth with the same kind of reconstruction era distortions that spawned the hideous phenomenon of lynching
i have nothing more to say than i've already said in my headline .  lou dobbs' book was a big disappointment for me .
attention :  seasoned realestate investers don't waste your time purchasing this book .  ideal for amatuer investors who want to add more value to their piece of real estate .
i expected information about design ,  but this is just a self serving  " i am good at what i do "  book .  i am sure he is good but there is little or no information about how to actually desigh furniture .  no proportions ,  no instruction except make your mistakes on paper by sketching first .  a waste of good money .
dobson has this to say about the supposed 'strong-willed child' .   " even in infancy ,  he fairly bristles when his dinner is late and he insists that someone hold him during every waking hour .  later ,  during toddlerhood ,  he declares total war on all forms of authority .  .  . his greatest thrill comes from drawing on the walls and flushing kitties down the toilet .  "  the  " strong-willed child "  has a  " rampaging will .  "it should be pointed-out that james dobson's training is in educational psychology ,  not child psychology ,  or child development .  i'm afraid he confuses 'strong-will' with anger ,  alienation ,  resentment ,  and contempt .  these are behaviors that are commonly produced in children as a result of his  ( and his ilk )  approach toward child-rearing .like his right-wing christian compatriot ,  ezzo ,  he would have parents believe that children are inherently evil .  the implicit advise is to beat the devil out of them .
timothy garton ash's book the file was very provocative and interesting .  i thoroughly enjoyed reading the personal experience of one man who happened to be in east berlin before unification and then was able to see his file  afterwards .   however ,  i am a bit disillusioned .   the story interests me but  garton ash really doesn't say anything !   i am disappointed that he so  poignantly and blatantly pokes at communism and a totalitarian state .   and  yet he does not back it up .   the book is good under the premise of  democracy good ,  communism bad .   it feels like he is just pooling for  support .   and nobody knew the wall was going to &quot ; fall&quot ;  when it  did .   i know of many professors who were writing books critiquing communism  who had to throw out their text because of the abrupt fall of communism .   i'm wondering if this book is just a way to cash in an unexpected event .   i  am dissappointed .   maybe i just don't know enough of garton ash but if this  is the case ,  i should not have to feel the need to know his history before  reading the book .   the book had some good points and kept me entertained  but on the whole didn't do anything for me .   peace
this book is so flawed in every which way ,  it is hard to know where to begin .  first of all ,  we are living in the end times ,  and when jesus comes ,  that's all she wrote ,  folks .  there's no seven years ,  no christians being zapped up ,  etc .  this is our second chance on earth .  no tribulation .  this book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally ,  and does it poorly .  reading this book made me think that if this was true ,  then what's the point of trying to be a christian .  why not just live your life the way you want to ,  and then when people zap out of thin air ,  change your life .  it's ridiculous and sends the wrong message .  plus ,  the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it .  but i really don't think the author's care at this point  ( seeing how many millions they've made printing lies )  .  my recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series ;  then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter  ( and much better writing )  .  man ,  not even kirk cameron could save this train wreck .
if you admired the young mccourt boy who survived misery and a drunken father in angela's ashes  ( a'sa )  ,  this book is sure a huge deception .  the first 80 pages are a great continuation to a'sa ,  but suddenly the rhythm of the book stops ,  as if mccourt had suffered from a severe drought of ideas .  the storyline becomes chaotic ,  changing the day-today timeline we were used to to a mixture of anecdotes that take place 5 years forward and jump back again ,  no order or sense whatsoever .what's worse ,  nice and naive mccourt transforms into a copy of his drunken father ,  constant beating up of women included .  it's a huge shock  ( hey this story's real ,  folks !  )  ;  it's as if snow white suddenly turned into the role of the queen .mccourt won't be the same nice ,  brave and funny guy for me nevermore .
i came into this book expecting one thing .  after the first part ,  perhaps an accident ,  my expectations had completely altered .  as i read through the second part ,  marquesa de montemeyor ,  my expectations were slowly changing even more .  by the beginning of the third part ,  esteban ,  my expectations had transformed so much they were hardly recognizable .i came into it expecting a novel about a man of religion's struggle with faith .  by the first few pages i came to realize it had much more of a non-fiction lean ,  at this point i was scared of being bored .  as i started to read part two i began to realize it wasn't about this brother juniper at all but the people in the accident .  throughout parts of the first chapter i have to admit i did feel bored ,  but near the end it caught fire and i was wowed by the first part's finish .  this reinvested my firm belief that the ending of a short story will completely redeem it ,  for that's what each part was :  a short story telling the complete life of one of the victims in the accident of the bridge .the story of thornton wilder's pulitzer prize winner is that a bridge  ( the finest bridge in all of peru )  snapped and five travelers fell to their death .  brother jupiter decided to use this accident to prove that it was god's will .  this man found it more difficult than he expected discovering an ambiguity in life that he had not seen .  basically the novel to me is detailing the complexity and mystery of life .i would say the way the bridge of san luis rey was written was ,  generally ,  not exceptionally appealing to me .  it was told almost exactly like a textbook account of the events .  using this method though ,  there were dazzling moments when the book flowed like poetry .the book also seemed slightly tedious at times .  certain sections were difficult to get through but as i pressed on i felt a certain gratification ,  in knowing that i was being shown snapshots of life that were almost as real as they get .despite these downfalls  ( which had their upshots as well )  ,  the meaning of the book made it for me .  the characters were all taken on spiritual journeys and though each story ended in death ,  which was a death too early for all of them ,  there was a certain bittersweet happiness in their soulful accomplishments .in total i would suggest the bridge of san luis rey but only if you're willing to fully concentrate whenever you pick this book up .  it can be a beautiful book but only if first acknowledged as a tough book
first off ,  i have not read this book myself ,  so disreguard this review if you want .  i'm reviewing it because based on the reviews and what i can tell here ,  and from descriptions from my own mother ,  i believe this is the book she used in a failed attempt to potty-train me .  i am 99% sure ,  but she does not remember the title so i can't be 100% sure .my mother described a system where she devoted one day to nothing but potty-training .  she got everyone else out of the house ,  and removed all my toys from eyesight .  then she went through a detailed explanation using a potty doll and had me try to explain it back ,  using the doll .  she then showed me what looked like a whole kitchen full of little toys and candy ,  and told me i would get rewarded for using the potty that day .  i remember all that part .  after that she said that we went through a process where she had to scold me for accidents and we did nothing but try to go potty all day .  i was definately old enough to be doing this ,  because i actually remember it .   ( i am 25 now ,  so if this book was published in the late 70s or early 80s ,  i'm being accurate .  )now ,  let me tell you the results .  i don't remember how i felt that day ,  but i do know that it started something that became a huge emotional battle for me .  i was a very sensitive child ,  and i am a very sensitive adult .  what mom and i remember was that potty-training became a war in our home- and it took years .  because of my sensitivities and my mother's poor choice in training methods ,  i began holding my bowel movements .   ( i was able urinate in the potty at a normal age ,  not sure when .  )  i would hold bowel movements whenever i had the urge to go ,  even if she put me back in a diaper .  i held for weeks at times ,  and sometimes this required a lot of pain for me  ( obviously )  .  when it finally got to the point that i couldn't hold it anymore ,  the bm was so big that i needed physical help to go .  sometimes it would get so bad that the opposite result would happen- i'd have a sudden diarheaa because the muscles were fatigued .  this went on for years ,  and the doctors kept telling mom that i'd eventually outgrow it .  she tried suppositories ,  oil ,  fiber ,  and even started giving me adult doses of laxatives .  finally ,  when i was 5  ( two years into this )  ,  mom made a tape recording of me screaming while trying to go to the bathroom .  a doctor took pity on us and prescribed enemas .  i used them on and off for two more years .  i was finally fully potty trained- at seven .  i am now 25 ,  and occasionally i still notice some health problems that may be attributable to this .now ,  obviously there is no way i can fully explain why all that happened ,  and i certainly can not blame all of that on the book .  i was a very sensitive kid ,  and my mom picked a bad time to do it too  ( i had just had a baby brother )  .  but i just want to describe the danger of using a insensitive method .  and i'm not just talking about the pain i went through there- if we're to believe freudian theories about the anal stage of childhood- well ,  let's just say i could be his poster child .i am now potty-teaching my own highly sensitive daughter ,  who will be 3 in a week .  we have been working on this  ( no specific methods ,  just lots of sitting on the potty )  for over a year now ,  and with no results .  but i'm not in a hurry ,  and thats because she's not ready ,  and we need to do this on her timetable ,  not mine
design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story .   the translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex
was worthless .  .  . was not the correct match for my class book requirement .   never used it .  .  . if someone wants it you can have it for free
.  .  . you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library .if you want to get an  " inside view "  of the inner workings of wall street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s ,  then read den of theives - that book is well written and well worth the money !what turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style .   the first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of serendipity .   he was simply in the right place at the right time ,  had virutally no idea how he got there ,  felt out of place the whole time  ( even when he was raking in the big bucks in ny and london )  ,  and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it .   i also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at salomon brothers .   he was there ,  he made a lot of money ,  good for him - get over it !i was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has a lot more potential .   i might have actually enjoyed it - had i not read den of theives 7 years earlier ,  and already had some idea of how things took place .   but ,  if you can get it for $5 or less  ( including shipping )  ,  and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like  ( and you haven't also seen the movie wall street  ( which covers the same highlights in this book )  )  ,  then it's probably worth it .i did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book ,  relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up .  .  . althought that seemed a little rushed .  .
i bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects ,  and given most other people's ratings ,  i decided to give it a try .   however ,  upon opening the book my first thought was ,   " these all look like high school yearbook photos "  ,  which is exacltly what they are .   it seems that that's primarily what type of photography the author does and his book is geared almost exclusively to that market .   his main concern ,  which he stresses throughout the book ,  is creating a  " saleable picture "  ,  and he keeps emphasizing the importance of pleasing mom ,  since she's usually the one with final say over the pictures .   a better title for this book would have been ,   " how to take high school senior pictures "  .even then ,  most of the pictures are not very good ,  both in their original execution and in their print quality for this book .  in addition ,  the poses are unnatural and awkward looking ,  and the book is filled with typos and grammatical errors .to be fair ,  the author does suggest some useful basics of things to do and things not to do when posing a subject ,  but there is really very little useful information here .so ,  if you're interested in learning how to take pictures that look like a sears portrait ,  this may be the book for you .   however ,  if you really want to learn some useful techniques for posing your subjects in a more natural or more artistic manner ,  i'd steer clear of this book
i devoured all of this writer's books when i first discovered them and it had been quite some time since then when i bought this book .  i'm a real sucker for a book with dogs so i dove right in only to become disappointed all too quickly .  i didn't remember all the rambling .  it is rampant !  at times it was almost like reading a text book for all the 'skimming' that i did .  i can't say it was a waste of time but some more editing would be appreciated
while i found this book interesting and informative when it dwelled upon the personalities and contributions of the physicists who discovered and explored the field of quantum mechanics prior to ww2 ,  i found two problems with the book as it entered the war .   first ,  it spent too much time ,  at least for me ,  on the details of minor episodes and players .   in this sense ,  i might have appreciated the treatment had i been a scholar researching the field - but i wasn't .   hence ,  i often found the reading dull .   second ,  i found powers' ultimate thesis - that heisenberg purposefully delayed the german atomic bomb program - unpersuasive .   it appeared to me that powers often strained his interpretation of the facts to make them conform to his thesis .   for example ,  when reviewing heisenberg's  " farm hall "  statement in august 1945 that two tons of u235 was required to make an atomic bomb ,  powers suggests that because heisenberg articulated the appropriate lesser amount a week later ,   and because he purportedly suggested at an earlier date that a bomb could be the size of a football ,  his  " two ton "  statement was a purposeful  " error .  "  equally persuasive ,  if not more ,  is the simple thought that heisenberg did indeed grossly overestimate what was required ,  thereby prompting him to tell speer in 1942 that a bomb was impractical .  this is not to say that powers is necessarily wrong .   i simply believe that based on the facts he presents ,  the issue remains debatable
before purchasing made in detroit i read the reader reviews .   the reviews were so mixed that i decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead .   as it turns out i made the best decision .   all i can say is `thank you fellow reviewers' ;  this book was definitely not worth the purchase price .   my statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills ,  he is a skilled writer .   it has everything to do with his lack of insight .   that paul clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary .   i read the book ,  waiting for paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them .   but after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one .   blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make paul's life hard .   women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice .   he finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book .if you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings .   if you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage .   as i read this book i felt sadness ,  a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed .    ( there are white folks who actually still think like this .  )   my hope is that the light comes on for paul ,  he is still young .   if it does maybe he will share his insights with us .
if your into hendrix enough to want to find out more about electric ladyland ,  your probably already going to know everything in this book .  if you've read such great hendrix books such as 'electric gypsy' then you won't get much from this book other than information obtained that you've read before from 'electric gypsy' coloured in this authors opinion on jimi's music .the author lays down his opinion that reads like someone either not overly impressed by jimi hendrix ,  or someone that has trouble laying praise where it's due .  the author makes big calls in this book which fall flat ,  for example expressing his view on how jimi could of edited and recorded certain songs better in his opinion  ( not unlike like alan douglas made true )  or ego trips like footnotes after mentioning 'like a rolling stone' at monterey can only be outdone by the rare hard to find flamingo club version in 1968 - where does he get that from ?  the flamingo club version is near inaudiable for most of the recording with its vocals and the guitar very distorted at the very least and is no way a superior rendition than monterey but the book has many little comments by the author like that which only makes you think ,  is this guy trying to brag about his hendrix collection ?  or does he just have to have a different opinion on everything to try and make his book ,  which really has nothing new ,  stand out from the pack ?  his opinions would be valid if he didn't try to go against the grain to just go against the grain !  if you've ever heard or seen jimi at monterey you don't need to be told how so many people thought he played crap that night - the evidence that this is one of his greatest performances is right there on cd or on the screen as you watch it which just makes bringing up that negative side without balancing it with the many rave reviews he also got seem targeted .  why point out the bad things and not mention the good ?if you want to learn the technical side of the recording or the technical side of hendrix ,  you won't learn it from this book .  you'll get the classic hendrix bio for most of it with this authors strange comments ,  some bad reviews for electric ladyland to show hendrix was human after all i guess and an author bringing up all his 'friends' and 'visits' to people that are well documented in knowing jimi .all in all ,  if you have no opinion on hendrix and read this you probably won't think he's that great and get a distorted opinion on him ,  if you love hendrix and read this you'll wonder why this author bothered to write a book about jimi in the first place other than to let us know he has so many friends that knew jimi ,  was lucky enough to see him play a few times and the funniest of all ,  could of done some things better in his opinion .two stars because there's many books out there with much more information about electric ladyland ,  let alone hendrix ,  that aren't trying to re-write jimi's history from one person's perspective and critique thou it's cheap and quite funny if you have a big hendrix library anyway .
this is a kids book .  first few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book .
i was more upset with this book than anyother .  i've loved every book in the series  ,  but this one was more dissapointing .i pictured everything the sasme as in the movie though .  .  .  thatrs just telling you how welll it's written and described .  but ,  it was more about the triwizard tournament the whole entire time .  still ,  i am addicted to the series  .  either way you should read the story just to understand whats going on .  i just wish it would have been more exciting and less predictable
huge disappointment .  trace wasn't that good either .  having read all scarpetta's previous storiesbut i was hoping trace would be only bad one .  however ,  the downhill trend seems to continue .  these two books are not the usual intelligent plots cornwell is capable of writing .  save your money ,  don't buy it .  i completely agree with all the reviews posted so far ,  so i won't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -details
this was certainly not one of cornwell's best works .   it was almost like a couple of possible novels rolled into one .   it read like a draft for a novel rather tahn a complete novel
hunt this book down .read  " the bet "   ( pp .  131-134 )  .put this book down .leave the store satisified knowing that you have read the only  humorous story in this collection .sure you could read some other stories in the book ,  but they're so terribly unfunny that you will invariably come to hate yourself and everyone around you for being in a store that carries this dreadful book .the only way these stories could possibly be funny is if they were somehow adapted for a series of snl skits ,  in which mcsweeney's unfunniness were somehow reversed by the lens of snl's unfunniness .  come to think of it ,  this book is just as awful as snl ,  except that you can't change the channel .  you're just stuck there on the subway wishing you'd picked up that am metro ,  desperately trying the read the wall street journal  ( or even the daily news )  over the shoulder of the person next to you .  anything - just anything -  to avoid the tears of boredom that come from reading this garbage .so ,  if you like late-model snl and you can read ,  you may like this .  but i doubt it
this wasn't such a bad novel ,  and i kind of enjoyed it .   not great ,  but easy to read and the story chugs along briskly .   however ,  the ending really killed it for me .   it's too unnecessarily long .   once the major conflict is resolved ,  the story is over and yet we must hear a treatise on what it means to be a faerie and the price paid and the virtue of love and heroism and blah blah blah .   i wish i'd just put the book down after the rain because i would've left with a feeling of at least entertainment .   but after reading on and realizing that there were no further complications ,  only pages of explanations ,  i just lost much of my enthusiasm for the book .   would've been three stars if it'd just known when to end
what a disappointment !   based on reviews ,  i couldn't wait to get this book .   don't let the 48 pages fool you .  .  . half of the pages are pictures ,  and the half with writing on them are double-spaced with wide margins .   took me all of 20 minutes to read  ( and only that long because of all the page turning )  .   nothing wrong with being concise .  .  .  . except that the philosophy here is overly simplified .   quindlen goes to great lengths to equate  " pefection "  with  " conformity "  and condemning it as inauthentic .   i do believe that women tend to set unrealistic expectations for themselves  ( i . e .  ,  wanting to be the perfect mother ,  perfect daughter ,  perfect wife ,  perfect businesswoman )  ;  therefore ,  it creates warm ,  fuzzy feelings to hear someone criticize perfection as being  " boring "  .   unfortunately ,  to claim that  "  [ well-behaved women ]  don't make good lawyers .  .  .  . or businesswomen "  just doesn't follow .   this is not deep reading .   20 minutes ?   don't waste your time .
if you are going to walt disney world resort for the first time and want to keep some mystery until you actually ride the attractions ,  then this book may not be for you .   some of the descriptions for the various attractions go step-by-step through them ,  including plot points in 3d movies and so on .  the book also leaves a lot out in other areas ,  such as dining  ( little coverage )  ,  getting around walt disney world ,  and off-site hotels and dining .for me ,  the unofficial guide to walt disney world  ( by bob sehlinger )  was much better at giving me the info i needed without giving away any details as to the surprises on the rides .  that is ,  it told me what might frighten a youngster ,  what might bore an adult ,  and so on ,  but it didn't say specifically what would happen at every stage of any of the attractions .  just generalizations about the ride ,  then specific warnings for different types of people .the only things birnbaum offers that the unofficial guide doesn't are pictures and info on some of the ancillary activities such as parasailing .  if you have an internet connection ,  you don't need the pictures .   and as for the ancillary activities as well as nice maps ,  you can't beat the passporter book on disney world .so ,  for me ,  the unofficial guide plus the passporter yields the best trip planning library for walt disney world .   if you like ,  you can also pick up the ez-guide ,  as it also has some interesting maps and info .as for birnbaum's ,  it really doesn't have anything to offer .   i wouldn't recommend against buying it ,  though ,  except for the  " let me tell you the plot and ending to the movie before you go "  mentality .  i hate spoilers ,  and wish someone had warned me before i started reading this book
edward said ,  created a proble and made a career of the israel palestine conflict ,  and conviently died before he could also resolve the death and destruction he brought to the arab palestinians .  he was a one man destruction derby under the guise of poetry ,  linguistics and hate and he helped stir up anti israel and anti jewish hatred on every university he spoke at .  hopefully ,  this  " vintage "  book will become no longer relevant ,  ans disappear
having read  ( and thoroughly enjoyed )  levitt's freakonomics ,  i picked up  " hidden order :  the economics of everyday life "  looking for more of the same .  unfortunately ,  i was sadly disappointed .i get the impression the author intended to write a freakonomics-type book ,  but was only able to come up with 40 pages of material  ( located at the end of the book )  .  facing an irate publisher ,  he then filled in the initial 290 pages with his old economics lecture notes .  as a result ,  readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive ,  while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use .   ( despite the glowing accolades on the cover ,  the author's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook .  )the author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon ,  but does not provide any answers .  aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students ,  such tactics are unconscionable .  of course ,  the author may be priming the pump for sales of a  " hidden order supplement "  .a final negative point is the author's tone ,  which is frequently condescending towards the reader  ( e . g .  telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory ,  so it will not even be presented )  .  while this may be true for a layperson reading the book ,  being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter .overall ,  if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library ,  the last 40 pages are worth reading .  otherwise ,  save your time and money .reviewer's background :b . sc .   ( computing science & mathematics )m . b . a .   ( finance & marketing )ph . d .   ( finance )
lets say you were reading a book on the mafia ,  written by john gotti ,  or perhaps some lesser-known mobster .   and there was nothing but glowing accolades for the mob and it's activities .   furthermore ,  anyone who opposed the mafia and it's activities was labeled an  " extremist "  and in the text ,  their names were never more than about 4 or 5 words away from words like  " ku klux klan ,  "   " racist ,  "   " bigoted ,  "  or  " paranoid ,  "  you'd begin to suspect that the book was a bit biased ,  wouldn't you ?" americas uncivil wars "  is a book written by mark lytle ,  a professor at bard college .   he documents events in american history ,  in this book ,  from the 1950's to about 1975 .   practically every time a genuine conservative individual ,  or organization is mentioned in this book ,  it is associated to a racist organization ,  whenever mr .  lytle doesn't add his own commentary .   for example ,  on page 22 ,  he says joseph mccarthy revealed himself as a  " mean-spirited slob .  "   this is a far cry from the mccarthy i know ,  the mccarthy who wrote the brilliant  " americas retreat from victory "  for example .   and forget about anything good mentioned about the john birch society .   page 138 :   " most americans ignored the hooded klansmen ,  the john birchers ,  and other extremists .  .  .  "   never mind the fact that jbs is not and never was a racist or an extremist organization .   but here is their name ,  sandwiched between the kkk and  " extremist .  "it is a typical tactic of the left to associate the opposition with the  " stench of racism "  as stalin may have put it  ( i don't remember his exact quote )  .   but you might ask ,  what about on page 89 where he refers glowingly to william f .  buckley as  " the cornerstone of the anti-communist wing of conservatism .  .  .  ?  "   keep in mind that this is the same buckley who years later ,  in lingua franca magazine ,  confessed that he would be a  " mike harrington socialist "  or a  " communist "  if he were college brat today .now on the other hand ,  try to find anywhere in this book ,  the words  " murderer ,  "  or even  " extremist "  in front of names like mao tse tung ,  or che guevara or tom hayden ,  to name a few .   there is a good reason for that ,  but i will leave it to your imagination ,  the reason why .in summary ,  should you decide to read this book ,  take it with a grain of salt ,  or better yet some motion-sickness pills because unless you are prone to the same convictions as our professor lytle is ,  you're going to need a barf-bag
most of the information is very  " theoritical "  and  " limited "  -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her .    .  .  .   in a nutshell ,  the message is that a dysfunctional mother'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter ( s )  ,  and in turn ,  the daughter ( s )  may pass that onto her offspring ( s )  .    .  .  .
the title grabbed me because i have been noticing for ,  oh about 14 years now ,  the decline of the truth in this country .   unfortunately ,  this book is written precisely by the kind of person who has lost touch with reality and what truth is  ( definition of irony i believe )  .the reason it is #1 on the bestseller list is because there is a ready audience out there ,  of similarly detached people ,  who want anything  ( and i mean anything - a website with a good conspiracy story and a glass of warm milk before bed everynight is their ideal )  that backs up their point of view .it is precisely why the truth is so out of fashion .   new media streams like the internet ,  blogs ,  etc .  offer up  " news "  without accountability .   they allow this segment of society to avoid confronting the truth and instead construct their own alternative realities .   it makes people like frank rich ,  rich ,  with very little effort .   why bother checking facts ,  his core readership doesn't care whether it is true or not ,  just tell them bush is evil
i'm not sure who's writing these reviews ,  but i read repitition after repitition after repitition ,  with a lot of confusing fluff .  asking hard questions to solve complex or simple issues .  what's  " fierce "  about that ?the writing style and content just didn't flow .  wasn't real .  i mean ,  in one section ,  she actually uses the term  " bucko ,  "  as in ,   " let me tell you something ,  bucko .  "  what are we in  " happy days ?  "  couldn't take the book seriously after that .  very bad .
i like to use the amazon reviews when purchasing books ,  especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items ,  which usually disuades me from a selection .   so i offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - i found it smug ,  self-serving and self-indulgent ,  written by a person with little or no empathy ,  especially for the people he castigates .  for example ,  his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the" shrink "  bashers of the world .  this  " play for effect "  tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
i keep reading and listening to his books because everyone says how good they are ,  but i have never found this to be so .   he always strikes me as someone who potters around never really interacting with people who then goes home and writes about it .   he seems more at home studying statistics  ( which he includes everywhere )  and drawing his own facile conclusions from these statistics .   i always imagine him stuck in his room reading his newspaper ,  surfing the net and smugly summing up his brief interactions with people in the real world .   all his travel books are equally awful as he never really interacts with anyone - just comments on them later .   still lots of people think he is grea
the book is manipulative and unrealistic .  i felt the author was blatantly trying to persuade the reader to believe that infieldey ,  betrayal and lack of morals is acceptable if you have a self absorbed best friend .   definitely one of the shallowest books i have ever read .   i bought the book as it was rated as a  " best seller "   ,  and i was stuck in an airport for hours on end .  the entire plot is hideous as the  " burned best friend "  makes up reasons why it's accept able to betray her best friend .  if i was not completely bored ,  i would have given up on the book after the first 20 pages .
wright presents no new information about al-qaeda ,  leaves out plenty of information about al-qaeda and neglects the usa side of  " the road to 9/11 .  "   understanding qutb's radicalization of islam is important to understanding why ayman al-zawahiri and usama exist and also why they failed at creating theocracies and were lame ducks until the usa found a use for them as an enemy .   what cannot be neglected is the myths spread about the united states by the neoconservatives and followers of leo strauss .   the united states is not a unique and beautiful snowflake .   the liberal idea of individual freedom was decried by strauss as destructive of the society of the usa and he told his followers to keep the public in line with grand myths about us exceptionalism .   after the the soviet union was kicked out of afghanistan ,  both qutb and strauss' followers believed they were the cause of it .   since the cold war the us has been working off of the  " friend and enemy "  model of policy formulated by carl schmitt and 9/11 presented the us with what schmitt called a  " state of exemption .  "   if you think jihad was the cause of 9/11 ,  ask yourself why richard clarke found bush and his advisors saying find a way to tie this to iraq hours after 9/11 .   see the bbc documentary ,   " the power of nightmares "  or  " from secularism to jihad :  sayyid qutb and the foundations of radical islamism "  by adnan a .  musallam or the political ideas of leo strauss by shadia drury for a better analysis of qutb and strauss than wright has in his book .   if you prefer to stick with fiction about  " the road to 9/11 ,  "  check out patrick s .  johnston's novel  " mission accomplished .
i will be brief :  penroses writing is mediocre ,  his drawings obfuscate more than clarify .the vast majority of the book is devoted to completely and utterly extraneous topics ,  and seems to largely be a platform for penroses new quantum theories .his arguments are unclear ,  weak and largely dependent on philosphers like lucas and searle ,  while his idea of quantum effects is improbable and surely in the end irrelevant  ( cannot computers tap into quantum effects ?  )  and his knowledge of computer science deeply ,  deeply suspect .for example ,  i quote here from the final sections which actually have something to do with his ostensible reason for writing the book :" neverthless ,  one still might imagine some kind of natural selection process being effective for producing approximately valid algorithms .  personally ,  i find this very hard to believe ,  however .  "the entire flourishing ,  commercially succesful field of evolutionary computing begs to differ here ,  mr .  penrose .  such bonehead errors compells me to point out that this mathematician has no clothes
i stumbled across this book by accident at my library and decided what the heck ,  all those millions reading gray's franchise can't be wrong .   plus ,  i've seen gray on larry king once ,  and he seemed like a nice and reasonable enough guy .   this book ,  though ,  promising in its intro to be  " sexy "  ,  touched more of my comical than my sensual nerves .   now ,  i am not above accepting bedroom advice where it's warranted  ( for instance ,  it is thanks to dr .  gray that i finally made sense of that night years ago when my husband slept on the couch after a huge fight caused by my criticizing a movie we'd just went to see )  .   but gray's generalizations ,  dumbing down of most issues and sharing his own sex life with his wife bonnie were mostly unhelpful ,  and i suspect that the passages i found funny were involuntarily so .although i'm the first to admit that women love compliments ,  gray's suggestions ,  as displayed in several top 10-lists of things to say  ( and ,  occasionally ,  what not to say )  were a tidbit too repetitive  ( ever wonder how many combinations you can play with the phrase  " your breasts are wonderful "  ?   read the book !  )  .   almost as enlightening was the hot tip on how ,  while getting to the undressing part ,  the man should pull the woman's panties  " up her crack "   ( a . k . a .  give her a plain old wedgie--no joke )  .   and ,  don't miss the one where the mongolian woman pulls a flag at full mast when she's in the mood and at half when she's not  ( or maybe it was different colors ,  i couldn't read clearly through my tears--no offense to the mongolian people !  )  .more annoying were the recurring  ( and very stereotypical )  assumptions that a woman always needs 10 or more times more cajoling into sex than a man  ( in various ways ,  be it foreplay ,  flowers or the favored seduction line hit lists )  ,  that a man always comes  ( and too quickly ,  of course )  ,  and that you need constantly innovative acrobatics in the bedroom ,  or your  ( otherwise mutually comfortable and sure-fire ,  i wonder ?  )  approach will become a  " turn-off "  .bottom line  ( no pun intended )  :   if you want some light and basic  (  !  )  guidance ,  the book is not too terrible ,  but if it is  " advanced bedroom skills "   ( gray said that !  )  that you're after ,  you're better off digging out that old erica jong or even any pulp .
to surmise ,  the book is about an actor who is hired to be a political figure .i will not reveal any more as to not ruin the nature of the plot .i felt that like some of heinlein's books ,  the book is plauged withpolitics ,  less science fiction ,  the only sci-fi thing about it is that the plot takes place in space ,  other than that ,  it's all politics .same thing with citizen of the galaxy ,  a book that starts off really well and ending with a theme that do not portray sci-fi rather it shows heinlein's knowledge in law .i felt that the book could have been much better and i don't see how it won the hugo award .conclusion :  the book is a fun pass ,  but nothing more .  don't expect any groundbreaking plot ,  or jaw dropping plot twists ,  just your old fashioned politicians-dear-diary
i read this in jan .  of 01 and am just now transcribing my notes .   here goes :   trashy ,  but i couldn't not finish it .   story of best friends who go to a summer house every august with their families .   secret betrayals of friendship ,  a hidden illness ,  a birth and a miscarriage .   what else do you need to make a soap-opera style plot ?    i give thayer credit for her spot on descriptions of feelings one experiences after miscarriage ,  from envy to despair .   bottom line :  rich people with too much money and rich people problems .  it didn't stay in my short term memory very long
you'd be better off using the internet to figure the game out .  the guide feels super cluttered ,  it's almost hard to read and it doesn't tell you everything at the right time .  i think it feels cluttered because there's too many pictures in it .  every page has at least 7 or 8 images on it .  the best thing about the guide is the production value but i didn't buy for that
while reading this book i found the details of some cases to be unbelievable .   also ,  the  " photographs "  of the murderers and detectives all looked fuzzy and more like drawings .   i've read a lot of true crime and never heard of catching a murderer because he breathed his asthma medication on the murder victim's hair .   or because they chemically deduced which cologne he wore .  and who leaves their backdoor open when they know a violent doberman pinscher has been getting through their backyard fence ?  sure ,  just let that dog on in .  and whose place of employment has a record of all employee's blood  " groups "   ( not their types ,  just their groups )  ,  when the employee doesn't even know himself what group he is ?then i read the introduction ,  which i always skip ,  and found out this book is fiction ,  not true crime as the cover announced and in which section it was in in the book store .as fiction ,  it's okay ,   ( i prefer agatha christie )  ,  but i don't believe the forensic work in this book is even based on any fact .  so read it for entertainment ,  but don't be so gullible as to believe any of it
mark twain once said that  ( and i paraphrase ) the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read .  that is my experience with this book .  for some reason ,  a tale of two cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists ,  and i figured it was one of those books i should have under my belt .  so i picked it up .  what a slog !  a book that might have been fascinating due to its french revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama .  we were supposed to shed tears for sidney carton ,  a character who you barely get to know ,  and root for lucie manette .  .  . the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness .  the only thing i liked about this book was how madame defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge .  an admittedly cool concept .  maybe this book speaks to another era ,  maybe it's past its prime ,  maybe i don't have the required literary sensibilities ,  or maybe i couldn't relate ,  but a tale of two cities bored me to tears .
having read  " the millionaire next door ,  "  as well as most if not all of the classics in this category ,  i expected life-altering experiences with this book .there were too many statistics ,  and statistics that contradicted one another ,  not to mention generalizations about various subgroups that ,  try as i did ,  i had to put my copy down and use it at first for a door stop ,  then because the cover art is great ,  i decided leaving it on the coffee table makes a great conversation piece .
it has been said time and again that experience is the best teacher .   antony flew ,  the world's number one atheist  ( at least with respect to the rare ability to argue his point without using ad hominem arguments )  has recanted his atheism .philosophically ,  flew was a rationalist .   having accepted the empirical evidence of intelligent design in nature ,  he was able to liberate himself from the tunnel vision of rationalism and hence from the shackles of irrational atheism .flew himself would give this book one star .   so ,  i don't think it ungracious to do the same
first ,  i am a very open-minded person ,  raised by a hippy/biker family .   i really expected to identify with this book .   while i appreciate the what ina may's movement accomplished during its time ,  i felt like the book was almost a joke--verging more on detailing accounts of an occult community--a community of people living on old school buses in the woods ,  delivering each other's babies .the language is terrible---everything is described as  " psychedelic ,  "  etc--one woman even referred to her female parts using the big  " p "  word .   while they try to add a personal touch by including individual narrations ,  it sounds more like a compilation of uneducated people describing their birth stories the way they were pressured to believe---nobody mentions feeling pain during labor .  honestly ,  i feel that the pressure of the community was so intense they wouldn't have admitted to pain if they could .also ,  many of the accounts were extremely erotic---couple are encouraged to fondle one another during labor to keep connected and relaxed .   in some accounts ,  a couple would be making out ,  while a midwife would massage the birthing mother in her  " laboring parts " --turning the woman on and keeping her relaxed .   not my cup of tea .i had so little respect for the lifestyle and the language of the people that i didn't get much out of the book
the back cover to this book was intriguing ,  and captured me immediately .  the writing ,  however ,  was so plodding ,  so inconsistent ,  and so non-sequential that it was painful to get through to the end .  this is aside from the fact that this man appears to be socially inept and unable to manage his affairs from day to day .   i can't believe that this book made it past the editors .   in one paragraph jon katz tells how rose is the only dog for the job of helping him capture his runaway herd of sheet ,  and in the next he says that rose is too young to herd sheep .   in one paragraph he can't live without his wife ,  she gives his very existence meaning ,  and throughout the book he describes how he lives apart from her in order to .  .  . what was it again ?   oh ,  right ,  herd sheep !   at one point the dog he loves the most is also the one he can't connect to and finally gives away .   and then can't stop visiting ,  even though everyone knows how confusing that would be to a dog .  and why is he wondering why the world looks at grown men funny when they hang around too much with teenage boys - there's a reason ,  jon !if you care at all about literarure ,  stay away from this book
" a dirty job "  was my first christopher moore novel ,  and will probably be my last .   i was captivated by the story line as i read the dust jacket ,  but found that the writing was not nearly as interesting .   i thought the author spent way too many pages with humdrum matters of no real interest ,  and very little addressing the actual theme of the book .   although wanting to relate sympathetically to the book's hero ,  i just wasn't drawn in enough to care about him .   the action began in the final quarter of the book ,  and you had better suspend reality before reading it .   i actually couldn't wait for the book to end so i could move on to something more interesting
i really expected more from coetzee ,  whom i had never read before picking up this book .   i saw after finishing the book that it was originally published as separate stories or vignettes ,  and i'm not surprised .   the title character spends all of her time giving speeches ,  which is strange for a novel--you think you will get a plot ,  but you just get lectured to .   the writing is good ,  spare and cogent ,  but the book does not hang together well enough to be a novel ,  in my opinion .   the best chapter ,  which is the last ,  has little or nothing to do with the prior chapters
i was so excited when i initially bought this book and honestly ,  when i read it i was disappointed .   i thought it was a bit dry and boring to read through ,  despite the useful tips .   although the authors try hard ,  they really don't convey the spirit and fun that college life has to offer
tropic of cancer by henry miller .  not recommended .in his 1960 introduction to tropic of cancer ,  karl shapiro said ,   " i call henry miller the greatest living author because i think he is ,  "   "  .   .   .  as a spiritual example he stands among the great men of our age ,  "  and  "  .   .   .  he  [ orwell ]  predicts that miller will set the pace and attitude for the novelist of the future .  this has not happened yet ,  but i agree that it must .  "  shapiro does not support any of these points in his essay ,  and nothing about tropic of cancer supports them ,  either .tropic of cancer consists of 318 pages recounting miller's experience as an american expatriate in paris and expounding his personal philosophy ,  often in ways that are rambling and painfully nonsensical .  miller's stories about his friends are tedious ,  pointless ,  and catty ;  like miller ,  they seem to have been talentless hacks whose belief in their own artistic abilities makes them artists and writers ,  as though believing is being .  miller writes ,   " a year ago ,  six months ago ,  i thought i was an artist .  i no longer think about it ,  i am " --which is the type of arrogant pretentiousness he mocks in virtually all of his acquaintances .when they are not creating ,  or talking about philosophy or creating ,  miller and his circle seem to spend nearly every moment picking up women  ( and disease )  .  they rarely use a neutral term such as  " woman "  when there are so many obscene ,  demeaning words with which to objectify the gender .  the women that miller and friends find are invariably portrayed as stupid ,  drunken ,  irrational ,  loose ,  sly ,  deceptive ,  and good primarily for one function ,  which miller turns into a squalid ,  cold ,  joyless act .  in spite of all the vice and the  " living ,  "  no one seems to be having fun ,  and some characters ,  notably fillmore ,  find themselves nearly trapped into the bourgeoisie life .miller expresses contempt for the machine ,  the industrial age ,  and money--although he schemes to keep 2 , 800 francs from fillmore's mistress and revels in having so much in his pocket .  often hungry ,  miller obsesses about food and relies on his friends to support him .  when he describes his indian friend kepi as  "  .   .   .  a scrounger ,  a sort of human tick who fastens himself to the hide of even the poorest compatriot ,  "  he could be talking about himself as he bitterly complains about those of his friends who are stingy with money ,  accommodations ,  food ,  and wine .miller's logic about the working world is facile ;  he writes ,   " if you want bread ,  you've got to get in harness ,  get in lockstep .  "  on the surface ,  this is true ,  but it never seems to occur to him that ,  if you want bread ,  someone must cultivate ,  raise ,  and harvest the wheat and produce the other components ;  someone must transform these components into bread ;  and someone must deliver it to the shops and cafes .  in other words ,  if most people weren't in  " lock step ,  "  miller could choose to starve or set himself to produce bread ,  joining the world in harness .  he makes his choice clear ,  then whines about it .  he may despise those who support him ,  whether they are friends or workers ,  but that is perhaps because he ,  a misanthrope who finds fault with everyone but himself ,  needs the very people he denigrates  ( including  " the grocer ,  the baker ,  the shoemaker ,  the butcher ,  etc . --all imbecilic-looking clodhoppers "  )  ,  a reliance which he resents .  he hates the machine and the machine mind ,  but offers no alternatives .seemingly incapable of sincere feeling ,  miller finds human emotion amusing .  when a friend says ,   " a boy can break your heart  .   .   .  he's so damned beautiful !  and so cruel !  "  miller writes ,   " we had to laugh at this .  it sounded preposterous .  but collins was in earnest .  "  when an acquaintance to whom he owes money dies ,  he writes ,   " at any rate ,  he was killed in an automobile accident shortly after my arrival ,  a circumstance which left me twenty-three francs to the good .  "shapiro claims that miller is a poet ,  but his attempts at poetic and philosophic ramblings often make little if any sense .  speaking of buildings and statues ,  miller says ,   "   .   .   .  they must be saturated with my anguish ,  "  the kind of bad metaphor in which he frequently indulges .  he describes artists such as himself as the  " inhuman ones .  "   " i am inhuman !  i say it with a mad ,  hallucinated grin ,  and i will keep on saying it though it rain crocodiles .  behind my words are all those grinning ,  leering ,  skulking skulls ,  some dead and grinning a long time ,  some grinning as if they had lockjaw ,  some grinning with the grimace of a grin ,  the foretaste and aftermath of what is always going on .  "  whenever these attempts at poetic philosophy appeared ,  rambling on for pages ,  i found myself yearning for a return to his insipid stories about prostitutes ,  disease ,  friends ,  and hunger .tropic of cancer is perhaps the worst book i have ever read  ( and i did promise myself that i would read tropic of capricorn )  .  shapiro says ,   " there are not many of these emancipated beings left in our world  [ emancipated from what ?  --dls ]  ,  these clowns and clairvoyants ,  celebrants of the soul and of the flesh and of the still-remaining promise of america .  "  if miller ,  with his whining ,  his criticism ,  his holier-than-everyone attitude ,  his  " art ,  "  his two-dimensional view of people ,  and his obsession with excrement ,  is the  " greatest "  of these souls ,  may i never meet the least .note :  if there were a 0 stars option ,  tropic of cancer would have earned it
.  .  . essentially you get what you pay for .  this book is certanly not representative of what i have come to expect from national geographic .i had eagerly anticipated the arrival of my book ,  but was dissappointed to find within the first few pages that it is uninspiring at best .  most of the pictures are poorly executed and at times seem amateurish .  in the past i've found photographs by professionals like steve mccurry  ( 'portraits' ) visually arresting .  not so here .at least it only cost me $20 oredering from amazon .  if i had been able to preview it beforehand ,  i would not have thought it worth even the discounted price
oh .  .  .  .  my .  .  .  .  god !  !  !  !  there is another patricia kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her mind .  i thought one patricia was enough .  but after reading this book ,  i am faced with the frightening realization that there are two of them !also ,  what i find very disturbing is that this version of patricia may be even daffier than the original version .  after reading just 6 or 7 pages of this hallucination horror show it was evident to me that the author is suffering from a case of patriciaitis and a dose of kennealyism .by the 40th page i was searching for my red slippers so i could click them together and get back to kansas .  or anywhere else ,  as long as my copy of this book didn't make the trip with me .  a pack of lies and a waste of paper and time .  i would rather read mary poppins than wade through this endless journey of rubble .
this book is just plain stupid .  if it works for people and helps them lose weight i realize they will be estatic .  however ,  it is not healthy .  each of our meals should be balanced .  these people are promoting unbalanced eating .  the reason so many of us are carb sensitive is because we have spent a lifetime over indulging on carbs !  if one were to sit down and eat each meal with balanced food groups ,  including complex carbs in small amounts ,  we would not only lose weight in a safe manner ,  but we would heal our bodies from the inside out .  this diet won't heal us ,  it is a fad .  if anyone is looking to really heal their metabolism ,  lose weight and even heal disease ,  try reading  " the schwarzbein principle "  by diana schwarzbein ,  md .  that is a great book on how to heal diabetes ,  hypoglycemia ,  and many other things .  it also explains how eating balanced and giving up stimulants will not only help us lose weight ,  but reverse aging and stop having food cravings in the first place .  this book promotes eating unhealthy foods and is only about weight loss ,  not getting healthy .
personally i found this book to be little more than a gre verbal refresher course .   sure ,  it is objective and balanced but so impassionate that such a contentious issue seems like nothing .   i think you can strip away emotion from a social problem so much that it creates the question of ,  well ,  then ,  does this really matter ?   in my opinion i feel this is what the author has done .   i was really disappointed in this book
a biography about a boy - and a very tough and brave one - who was in battle for such a short time he was spared the continuous horror that veteran survivors  ( or killed and maimed )  of iwo experienced .  he saved the wounding or death of the three other members of his fire team in an apparently instinctive and singular act of self sacrifice .  by strict definition ,  this act was deserving of the medal of honor .  his terribly painful recovery from wounds received is heart wrenching ,  but the relatively odd sense of personal glory is in sharp contrast with other accounts of iwo veterans ,  or any other battle ,  i have read .  the other accounts i have read generally conclude :  war is a horrible thing to experience ,  and not glorious ,  but  " i would do it again .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  "  .the recent books i have read will illustrate this contrast :" goodbye ,  darkness "  ,  william manchester" god is not here .  .  .  .  .  "  ,  richard overton" the quiet hero "  ,  gary w .  toyn" flags of our fathers "  ,  james bradley" the last lieutenant "  ,  john shivelythese men may have entered combat as boys ,  but they certainly left as men .
this book is an nice collection of differing points of views about latinos/hispanics .  however it's primarily philisophical .  it's more confusing than inspiring .  it's great for those studying for a phd ,  but will not inspire average latinos to action .  this book tilts slightly more towards the assimilationist point of view ,  although a few writers do express some pan-latino thoughts .
if the author's misuse of the apostrophe in the title is any indication of how they wrote the rest of the book ,  i would stay away
the author is certainly writing for a target audience .  .  .  .  .  .  . as one other reviewer said ,  white ,  upper-middle-class ,  female would-be mystics .  i found the stories of life on the commune mind-numbing  ( then again ,  i was born in berkeley in 1970 ,  so that hippie commune kumbayah stuff reminds me of eating carob when i was a kid )  and the rest of what i did manage to read alienating .  .  .  .  .  .  . zzzzzzzzzzzz .  .  .  .  .  .  . i am not saying this is a bad book at all ,  just that it's focus was so narrow that it completely lost my interest .  the language was so fuzzy and woo-woo that it just irritated my gen x  ( for lack of a better word )  postpunk sensibility .  it's a shame ,  too ,  as i was really looking forward to this book and hoping it would assist me in reconciling my own struggle between feminism and spirituality .  c'est la vie
i was excited to see the book with recipes for the  " 14 super foods "  after reading steven pratt's book ,  but was very disappointed .   yes ,  the recipes do use the  " 14 super foods "  ,  but also use such ingredients as shortening ,  cheez whiz ,  and yellow cake mix - hardly healthy !   if you are interested in eating good ,  healthy meals made with the  " 14 super foods "  ,  don't buy this book
" up to the minute "  .  ?  ?  ?hardly !  !march 2005 ,  the publication date ,  is a loooong time ago in ipod years ,  if you have one of the new models ,  video 60 gig for example ,  you will be sorely dissapointed ,  it talks about the nano and photo i pod as the  " latest edition to the ipod family "  ,  well they are now teenagers and probably due to be retired at any moment ,  ipod mini anyone ?  those things are neolithic now ,  yet are given too much space in this  " up to the minute "  book as if they had just been released !go to borders ,  look thru their ipod books and find the one with your ipod in it ,  if you have a brand new one as at may 2006 .
as an admirer of theodore roosevelt ,  i was very disappointed in mr .  brands' book .  it appeared to me that mr .  brands' intent was to analyze the life of this great man strictly from his critic's point of view .  while any good biography worth its salt should present a balanced view of the man ,  mr .  brands appears to go out of his way to find fault in almost all of tr's actions .  tr was by no means a perfect man ,  however ,  history has proven him to be one of our greatest presidents .  one gets the sense after reading this dreadfully long and depressing account of tr that mr .  brands'truly disliked his subject
i was disappointed after this book was suggested to me .  nothing ever happens .  there are a lot of long winded descriptions and background and very little story
nansook hong paints a painful picture of her marriage to hyojin moon ,  but she does not own up to the full truth of her parents' machinations to get her married into the moon family .  eyewitnesses tell of nansook visiting the moon household and knowing full well of hyojin's excesses in advance of her marriage .  the hongs wanted desperately for their family to be entwined with the moon family ,  and after arranging for one child to be wed to the first moon daughter ,  they pushed nansook to marry a moon son .  though i don't know all the motives ,  the point is that there was an agenda behind her marriage and probably this book that ms .  hong has not been honest about .  it is only too easy to paint an unflattering portrait of rev moon and his wife but at least some of this is suspect ,  given her own deceit
this is the second nevada barr that i have read .  i picked it up on the strength of deep south ,  which i thought was really terrific .  it was frustrating that nearly all of what i liked about deep south was missing from flashback .flashback is structured with interwoven narratives which involve both the real-life murder and a civil war mystery related to anna pigeon's own family .  the civil war story  ( told through letters and dream-like sequences )  is clearly intended to add a note of gothic mystery to the story .  some may like the flavor that this element provides ,  but for me it dilutes the elements of the writing that i most enjoy .  i really liked the crisp realism of deep south ,  and felt that the style put it a cut above most books in the genre .  flashback ,  on the other hand ,  felt painfully contrived .  the plot line with the letters was extremely unrealistic and  ( to my mind )  unnecessary .if you like historical mysteries with a gothic flavor more than you like realism in a detective novel ,  then you will probably be significantly less bothered than i was by flashback .  barr at least made a clear choice with her approach to the book .  judging from the reviews ,  not everyone had a negative reaction to the interwoven plot lines .i will go ahead and pick up a third barr book ,  because i did like deep south so much .  it was disappointing to have not had my high hopes realized with my second outing ,  but hope that it can be redeemed with a third .
yuk !  !  !  worst book i've ever read - i read alot and with alot of variety .  this book stinks  ( too farfetched ,  retched ,  disgusting and plain weird )  .
this book ,  by the way ,  was published in 1988 ,  not 1998 as the notes above indicate .  it is also reflected in the books theme and attitude .i have read three chapters so far and this is what i have gleaned from the book :1 )  your daughter will only be  " successful "  if she chooses male oriented occupations .2 )  your daughter will only be  " successful "  if she is a doctor ,  not a nurse .  heaven forbid she be a nurse ,  housewife ,  teacher .3 )  your daughter won't be  " successful "  if she goes to a coed school .  send her to a female only institution ,  that way she only has to compete against other girls .4 )  your daughter won't be a success without playing poker ,  chess or other strategy games .  don't even think of pulling out dora or some other  " girl "  game .surely there must be better books for dads to gain some info on theie daughters and ways to help them along as they grow .  i could go on with more examples from this feminist rant ,  but frankly don't have the time .  my daughter and i are going to kick the soccer ball .and btw ,  don't even let her enjoy an english class or play with dolls .  force her into that science and math slot .  sign her up for computer camp because we all know that pc's are designed strictly for boys .i really feel this book is outdated ,  both in examples and most importantly ,  attitude .  try something different .
simple arithmetic and you know it's stupid to expect much from a 227 content book that attempts to tell the success stories and forumlas of 55 business leaders .  definitely everyone of them deserves its own biography instead of an average 4 . 13 pages .  so i had lowered my standard before i read it .  still i had been quite disappointed .  all passages were columns published previously on ibd written by different reporters that not only the writing style but the focus on individual leaders fluctuated much between hard data/history and success formula ,  primarly on the former .  i am sorry that i could gain little knowledge/insight  ( that i really wanted to learn  " how "  they succeeded )  during the reading .  i felt even worse after reading from the previous reviewer that the content had been available on the net .  in short ,  please give this book a pass !
this book is old news and is filled with predictions for 2005 & 2006 - most of which are inacurate .   his boom and subsequent bust theories are not materializing - and at this point even if they do will be of much smaller scale than his grand predictions  ( dow over 40 , 000 )  presented in this book
i suppose every author in this genre comes to the table with an agenda .   that being said ,  in this book ,  mr .  dilorenzo seems to play fast and loose with the facts  ( or at least with his conclusions )  .the flyleaf of this book promises  " extensive research and meticulous documentation "  but at least one other reviewer has already pointed out some problems with this author's historical research .   that should raise a red flag to anyone reading this book .consider this :   the author claims lincoln was more interested in building an american  " empire "  by centralizing federal power than ending slavery .   this implies lincoln was premeditated in what he would do as president .   i challenge anyone who believes that to read lincoln's actual words and ,  more importantly ,  examine his actions .this we know :   abraham lincoln was a complicated man and ,  as a thoughtful person ,  his views on slavery changed during his many years in public life .   he came to believe that slavery would not die out on its own .i do recommend purchasing and reading this book since it is so different from the mythical view we have of lincoln today .   however ,  when it comes to some of the  " facts "  and conclusions expounded in this book be very careful what you believe
my mother in-law was actually responsible for billy milligan while he was in the athens state hospital in ohio .   i've had a chance to read this book ,  and although very good ,  what my mother-in-law tells me is much ,  much different .she cared for him during his entire stay there .   she said that he had more psychology and parapsychology books in his room than she could have ever imagined .   she also said that his iq was off the charts .   she believes  ( and she has a doctorate in psychology )  he only has four distinct personalities .   raven being one of them .   billy had the abilitiy and knowledge to manipulate his condition ,  making it appear much more severe .of course ,  she can't write anything about this ,  because billy's publicist made everyone caring for him sign a waiver saying they wouldn't .   yes .  .  .  billy milligan has a publicist .he also was a millionaire  ( because he exploited his disease )  and drove a corvette on the weekends they let him go home .  .  .  .  yep .  .  .  they let billy milligan have weekends .this book is a very good interpretaion on what could possibly been going on in billy's head .   however ,  after talking with someone who was actually there ,  and knew him well .  .  .  .  makes me second guess the validity of it
i have very mixed feelings about this book and can't say i enjoyed it all that much .  i love the story of sappho ,  what little is known of it ,  and so i picked up this book expecting to see a historical fiction novel cut with realism ,  research ,  and certainly the unavoidable necessary lewdness of the celebrity of lesbos .  but monsters ?  centaurs ?  i mean ,  the story of sappho's life is not the story of the odyssey and for the life of me i don't understand why  author erica jong decided to give her readers a combination of greek heroine and clash of the titans .once i was able to get past the fantasy elements ,  i realized that i was not being pulled into the story on its own merits .  there wasn't enough emotional dimension -- for all her travels ,  we're shown pretty landscapes and scary oceans but we don't see enough of a real character .  i read sappho's poems in college and the talented mind behind those words is not present in this book .i'm not saying the book is without its good points .  jong has certainly done a lot of research and her enthusiasm is many times contagious .  but i found the whole bit a little odd .  .  .  like picking up a book about cleopatra and seeing her encounter dragons ,  unicorns ,  and the goddess isis .  if jong had written about ariadne ,  this all might have worked .  the blend of fantasy just didn't add up to a palatable meal for me
this book is simply an ego boost for the author .  i found absolutely nothing i could use in my own business ,  but wasvaguely impressed with the writers  " word of mouth "  business .  i kept reading ,  expecting to find the secrets to starting my own word of mouth campaign any minute ,  only to feel that final book readers frustration in the end .  no good ending ,  no secrets revealed ,  this book is a waste of time
i picked up this book at the airport as i was heading to japan .  while staying with my in laws in the country ,  there is no english language anything .  this is all i brought so i had to finish it .  but it was a struggle .firstly i like complex thrillers ,  and i liked all the tom clancy jack ryan series .  technically excellent ,  if with totally one dimensional characters .this book reminds me of the original star trek ,  where everyone but the captain is affected by the virus .  the hero is always right .bell can write ,  his prose ,  i think is fine ,  but the scenarios are sometimes laughably implausible .  i also agree with another reviewer here that there is an unpleasant racist overtone in some of his depictions of some of the bad guys .overall awful ,  just awful .  my first and last bell book .  i will be leaving the rest of the bell collection on the shelf
i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly .   there are a lot of good books out there ,  dan harrington's the very best ,  but this isnt one of them .   too much ego here and not enough helpful information
what a complete and utter waste of time .   its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots
i bought this book because  ( if i recall correctly )  it was long-listed for last years manbooker prize and also ,   ( this i recall )  because it had good reviews here on amazon .  anyway ,  i was real disappointed .  i quit paying attention after page 100 and quit outright a few pages later .   i found the contrasting aspects of the father's character interesting but after awhile so contrasting they felt way off reality .   character of aunt ,  cousin ,  priest ,  mom etc etc also grew gratingly  " perfect .  "   this  may be excessive ,  but after a while i felt like i was reading a bit of sophisticated version of a teen romance novel .   the comparisons with god of small things are seriously unflattering to roy's great book .   comparisons with  ( the overrated )  memoirs of a geisha or  ( also not finished )  one thousand chestnut trees would have been more appropriate
sorry guys ,  i looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media .   the graphics of the book are truly beautiful .   the recipes however ,  hmmm ,   try again .   i followed a simple recipe for apple crisp and got a bad result .   i now go to respected standard cookbooks for my apple crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great .   really people ,  the recipes are not the stuff of greatness .   graphics ?  great .  photography ?  great ?   recipes ?  you have got to be kidding
i was disappointed with this novel which is set in my hometown of chicago .   i had hoped that the author would have taken advantage of this setting ,  but it really seemed as if he had just read one of our gay newspapers and pulled out a few names to function as place names .   the plot is trite as are most of the characters .   characters change their  " stripes "  at the drop of a hat .   the book has a certain fairy tale ,  and they lived happily ever after quality that i found really disconcerting .   i would have been more  " satisfied "  if dean  ( the main character )  had turned out to be an ax murderer !   just kidding of course or am i ?   if you can pick this book up used for a couple of bucks ,  okay but don't you pay a penny more
many reviewers on this site read tlgpe in the 70's ,  when we were young and impressionable .   ( i happened to be 13 when i read it .  )  if one could be sued for intellectual forgery ,  lindsey would certainly be found at fault .most of us ,  thankfully ,  have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years .  after all ,  when we read tlgpe ,  we were young .  we were searching and seeking .  we didn't have all of the facts .  there were wolves who knew this ,  and they preyed upon us .  many people who were older ,  yet still intellectually undeveloped ,  read this book and were moved to 'believing' .for most of us ,  our minds matured .  we began to see the vast chinks in lindsey's pompous christian armor .  we began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen ,  by people who use a subtle ,  gentle cloth of manipulation to control others .this is beyond dangerous .  it is beyond extreme ,  as most of us have now found out .i love a good horror novel .  i love a good 'true crime' thriller .  but the fact that people read lindsey's books and take them at face value is ,  perhaps ,  one of the scariest notions i have ever imagined .that ,  dear reader ,  is beyond horrific  .   .   .  and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of lindeys 'books' .  the only thing scarier is that mr .  lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated ,  silly ,  contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago .  please don't be the next sucker .  please don't add this one to your cart .
as the reviewer from jackhorn ,  ky stated ,  this book lacks original research .   if you read the section on the  " house church movement "  and then go to the website for the homechurch homepage ,  you will see that mr .  wolfe hacked away at many of the articles on the site to obtain his  " research .  "   for the many quotes he used from the website ,  not once were any of the authors contacted by mr .  wolfe in order to do any original research .   if he had done so ,  he would have come away with a different take than he wrote in his book
this book was very disappointing .  i loved her 1st two books .  so when this book came out i was very excited .  after reading it ,  i found it was rather dull and not very funny .  there were very few parts that actually made me laugh ,  unlike her 1st two books
no wonder john gardner didn't write more fiction books .   he was far too preoccupied with what he believes makes good fiction ,  rather than actually writing it .    " creative atrophy "  i believe john gardner himself would call it .   if there's ever been a better example of the  " those who can't do ,  teach "  argument ,  i haven't encountered it .   this is hardly the place a  " young writer "  should start .   instead ,  how about reading what you like and avoiding  " ignoramouses "  such as john gardner ?   john gardner is unable to accept the fact that many of the world's finest writers never made it through college ,  and many more didn't have the luxury of a  " rigorous classical education .  "    the most hilarious part is where gardner mentions that only through a line-by-line university level discussion will anybody ever be able to fully enjoy shakespeare .   it's interesting to note how gardner ,  who  " taught "  creative writing at the university level ,  fails to exhibit the critical thinking and objectivity he says one can only obtain through a college education
this book is not as good as i thought it would be .   i hope i have better readings with bryan tracy's advance selling
the title is a misrepresentation .   this is not a handbook for driving a porsche quickly or professionally .   i bought this book because in 2 months i am going to drive my rear engined 993 on a f1 circuit .   i have no circuit experience ,  and cannot get any coaching or any circuit experience in the country i live in .   since this is a rear engined car which i have little experience with i was particularly wanting some tips particular to rear engined cars .   there is nothing in the whole book which is particular to driving porsches or rear engined cars .   the only reason i will not throw this book out is because it has some interesting 1960's and early 19970's porsche racing pictures  ( poor quality black and white though )  .   also to be fair there are some good racing stories .  he is undoubtedly a very impressive driver having been successful at the highest levels in rallying and sports prototype endurance racing .   a better title would be  " my porsche racing history "  .   if you want a book on fast driving i would highly recommend ross bentley's  " speed secrets "  in place of this book
i bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and i was very disappointed .  first off ,  it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music- but the background exercisers really bug me too .  not only that ,  the moves are strange .  she does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music .  i found my neck hurt a lot after that .  the leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself .  the ab section too was so old school ,  i was hoping to find some new exercises .  i love karen voight but this dvd was definately the worst i have yet to purchase of hers .  all the other karen voight i own i absolutely love
let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even  " boring "  to my friends .   so it isn't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me .   it isn't the unresolved ending that bothered me .   it wasn't the violence  ( in short bursts .  )   it wasn't the acting  ( the acting was pretty good actually )  .   but as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure .   i didn't care who was sending the tapes and i didn't care what would happen with the main characters .   they were unrelatable on just about any level .   this movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3/4's of the way in and you'll think ,   " wow i wonder where the story will go next "  .   and then it doesn't .   that was it .   very disappointing .   i don't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there's some kinda payoff in the end .   i really don't understand all the acclaim that this movie got .   as a  " suspense "  movie or as an  " art "  film it fails pretty miserably .   the premise was a good idea that went nowhere .  .  . slowly .   viewer beware .
can't remember when i've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this .    a has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer ,  down on his luck .   the writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property ,  and hides his car trying to escape a finance co .  the  threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine .    in one early scene they have a funeral ,  casket and all ,  for a monkey .   yuk .gloria swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script ,  though she despises movies that  " talk "  .    she waves her hands about ,  and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene .  she falls for the screen writer ,  william holden ,  and won't let him out of her sight .   the film was made in 1950 ,  and swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only 50 ,  not exacty over the hill  ( if we look at many of today's movie stars .  )    but she's treated in the film as though she much ,  much older .   i thought she was supposed to be about 75 or so ,  but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film .   my heavens ,  at 50 she could still be in movies ,  and from the amount of money she apparently had ,  didn't need to be living in such a dark ,  creepy house .   film didn't make sense .sorry i bought it .   it was ridiculous .
this was probably the worst royal rumble in history .  it featured three very bad matches ,  one decent one ,  a lousy royal rumble and an absolutely amazing match .brock lesnar vs .  big show ,  royal rumble qualifierthis match was absolutely awful .  the big show is a decent wrestler ,  but brock lesnar is absolutely terrible .  a predictable ending made this match all the worse .  this match is like watching a tumble weed .the dudley boys  ( c )  vs .  william regal and lance stormthis was a fairly decent match .  regal and storm are very good wrestlers and in the tag team forum ,  the dudleys can hold their own .  its sad though that this was the second best match on the card .  nice surprise ending though .torrie wilson vs .  dawn marieif you take out the fact that torrie wilson and dawn marie are very nice to look at ,  this match is worthless .  unless you are really bored dont even bother watching this .triple h  ( c )  vs .  scott steinertriple h did all he could to save this one ,  but steiner really cant wrestle anymore .  i remember back in the early 90s where scott steiner was one of the best wrestlers in the game .  now he can hardly even move .  this match really isnt worth seeing ,  yet its still better than some of the other matches on the card .kurt angle  ( c )  vs .  chris benoitthere is no way to fairly describe this match .  it was outstanding ,  phenomenal ,  amazing ,  incredible ,  brilliant .  these two guys know how to wrestle and they put on a clinic .  this match is easily one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time ,  and shows that you dont need steroids and steel chairs to put on an amazing match .  angle and benoit are the two best wrestlers in the business and this match is proof .2003 royal rumble matchthis match was decent alright .  there werent any really good spots .  it was fairly boring all the way through ,  and highly predictable .  it got a little interesting when the final five were in ,  rob van dam ,  kane ,  undertaker ,  batista and lesnar .  unfortunately ,  lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers .  a guy like brock should never be in the royal rumble .  it's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins .its sad that an event with one of the greatest matches of all time gets only a 2 out of 5 rating ,  but theres nothing much to watch here other than benoit/angle .  as i said ,  the rumble was poor ,  the undercard was weak ,  and several of the matches were downright awful .  the benoit dvd has the angle/benoit match .  buy that .  this isnt worth your money
when i saw the movie ,  it was so predictable .  halfway into it ,  the broadcasts were so lame as well as the so-called live-footage .  total rip-off of  " war of the worlds .  "  reminded meof an nbc-tv movie from the early 80's called ,   " special bulletin .  "  much better with it's live-broadcasts !  the onlything i liked about this movie ,  when i switched back to catch it's climax ending .  they never even saw their ever-ending doom .sure put's the military in it's place !
i purchased this dvd a while ago - fyi - a documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie .   i went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found .   here ,  years later ,  when i'm finally placing another through amazon they found my account and noted that i purchased meet john doe .   i guess it's a little late to complain now
i'm a fan of the 1999  " the mummy "  and was understandably looking forward to this sequel .  in the summer of 2001 i went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and f/x .  we just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium .it's a curious thing that too much action  ( and f/x )  in a film can be boring .  it may not seem logical but it's true ,  and  " the mummy returns "  is exibit a .  i recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so i decided to re-watch it after over five years .  yet ,  after a mere 10-15 minutes i was again completely detached from the picture ,  even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on ,  or ,  at least ,  things that should have been exciting ." the mummy returns "  has a lot going for it :  a great cast ,  locations ,  costumes ,  cinematography ,  f/x ,  etc .  in addition it has a great indiana jones appeal .  unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement .  what went wrong ?  simply put ,  no substance .   " the mummy returns "  abandons the characters ,  and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and f/x sequences .final analysis :   " the mummy returns "  has so many ingredients right ,  but it somehow utterly fails .  it's unadulterated cinematic junk .  it should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements ,  including budget ,  and stupefyingly fumbling the ball .needless to say this could have been a great film franchise ,  but it was not to be .   " returns "  put an end to that .
stick with ted turners  " gettysburg "  ,  what can i honestly say about this work of fluff .   nothing
this movie creeped me out and not in a good way .  johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross .  maybe it's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face .  could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ?  it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him !  i love tim burton's other movies but this one sucked bigtime !  it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from .  this movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original .  if you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking  " auntie zoe ,  what does that mean ?  "  when are screenwriters going to figure it out ?  either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie !  !  !  it's really hard to do both in the same film .  it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids ,  they end up appealing to nobody !  maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version .  i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing .  it's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters .  the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones .  the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton ,  if you are not a fan of either ,  don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo !
this movie is not very realistic .   the sets are great !  ,  but the story is a biblical snafu !   they had the chance to embellish the real story ,  without compromizing the bible's account ,  but chose instead to incorporate incidents that were thousands of years later ,  which impeached any incredibility it might have had .  i didn't like it much for that reason .
i actually had this on my shelf for 2 or 3 years .  i tried to watch it a time or 2 and just could not get past the first 10 or 15 minutes .  i was finally in the mood to watch it the other night .  let me say i am a big fan of ashley judd and i have loved every movie i have seen her in .  she did a great job ,  as always ,  just poor script writing .  it leaves a lot of questions unanswered ,  such as how he always manages to keep one step ahead of her in order to place cameras in her hotel rooms ,  etc .  this fellow was so obsessed and in the end what was the point ?  i may have to watch it again in a few more years just to see if there is something i missed .  .  .
people that love this series are misguided at best .  .  . it sucks .  i mean completely stinks .  i will be putting set on ebay .i love the avengers ,  the prisoner .  .  . and especially !  !  !  secret agent and danger man .  this stuff is brit tv at it's finest .  i also like monty python and the chronicles of narnia .  .  . so a brit-hater i'm not .this series has the most horrific acting ,  garbage visuals ,  missing story lines ,  etc
not only was the dialogue of the film trite and the plot much like a pornographic after school special ,  but the movie unfortunately reinforces a worldview which anti-homosexual groups been touting for years--if you're thinking turning your female frienship into a relationship ,  don't .   the lesbian always goes crazy and dies in the end .if you're interested in finding out what i'm talking about ,  lisa duggan explains how this ideology gets transimitted and reinforced in her book sapphic slashers .  also ,  if you're interested in watching a film about first-time lesbian love ,  please do yourself a favor and check out the incredible true story of two girls in love or but ,  i'm a cheerleader .   support movies that actually advance queer causes instead of making all of us look like freaks
1 .  make sure you set your film in some sort of terrible alternate future where all people are slaves or unhappy or kept under sedation or something .2 .  have every scene take place in the dark .   and your underworld must be lit by 15-watt bulbs .3 .  clothe everyone in black leather ,  particularly capes .   this especially works for the villains ,  but in the interest of equal play the heroes can be edgy and wear black leather too .   if they're villains ,  shave their heads .   give them sunglasses  ( for the dark !  )4 .  copying terry gilliam's masterpiece brazil ,  throw something retro like brimmed fedoras into the wardrobe .5 .  have a premise where our hero ,  a lone ,  semi-geeky guy ,  wakes up or somehow finds himself in a world he does not remember getting into .   he must clear his name of something ,  even if it's just getting off pottery barn's mailing list .6 .  have a mysterious woman who may or may not be in cohoots with the bad guys ,  but who falls in love with our hero and wants to save him by the end of act ii .7 .  make damn sure she's sultry .   though blondes are generally more popular these days in hollywood ,  here dark brunettes work best .8 .  have lots of issues that revolve around our brains being dicked with .   throw in lots of tortured dialogue about alternative consciousnesses/universes/fuel supplies/sugar substitutes .9 .  this is very important :  use the rhetorical line at least once :   " do you know what will happen if you  [ find the kiber crystal/try to rescue your love-interest/defy dr .  morphface/turn on a bright light ]  ?  "   indeed he  ( and we )  don't .   this is supposed to get us all scared and anxious .10 .  our hero should have had ,  if possible ,  a happy childhood that turned tragic .   slaughtered parents work great here .   of course ,  he doesn't remember any of it ,  at least at first .11 .  populate your world with lots of machines with tubes ,  wires ,  cables ,  and ducts .   there also should be flashes of lightning that serve no purpose .12 .  make sure your sets and costumes were  " derived "  from some black and white classic film from the 20s or 30s--metropolis ,  caligari ,  even frankenstein will do nicely .   this is both to show you have a  " legitimate pedigree "  and to cover up the fact that you have no original ideas yourself .13 .  make sure all the bad guys bite off their dialogue and sound mean .   this is how we know they are bad guys ,  since lately both sides have been wearing black leather .14 .  the guy gets the girl in the end and the sun comes out .   really now ,  do we have to say this ?  ?  ?   ( however ,  through most of the movie we must believe the love will be unrequited .   the dame should have a troubled history ,  though you must keep it vague .  )15 .  throw in some cyborgs .   you gotta have cyborgs .16 .  have sets that are about fifteen times larger than they need to be ,  but which are largely empty .17 .  there's always the authority figure who starts out in pursuit of our guy ,  but who by the end becomes convinced of his innocence and moves to his side .18 .  there was some vague ,  recent apocalyptic event that destroyed most of civilization .   but be brief here .   our audience may get to wondering how one guy saving one girl will restore all of civilization ,  and you don't want them thinking about that .19 .  include a sadomasochistic scene or two .   the current favorite is to strap the victim spread-eagled on a rotating mechanical device and stick him with needles .   this movie likes to stick them through the bone at the front of the skull ,  a really stupid place to insert a needle  ( but then ,  this screenwriter clearly isn't a brain surgeon )  .20 .  always have a big shoot-em-up climax with lots of explosions ,  steam ,  smoke ,  distorting of the picture with computer tricks ,  and loud rock music .   this is how we resolve things when we have no idea what the hell we're talking about or how to end the movie .   we hope nobody notices .   generally they don't .follow this primer ,  and whatever you come up with will be called bold and visionary by people whose filmgoing history doesn't extend before 1995 ,  and roger  " i don't wanna become critically irrelevant "  ebert
the movie :  one of the boldest and most interesting films of the early 90's ,  and one that deserved far more acclaim and attention than it ultimately recieved ,  this is a smartly written and beautifully acted film that should be seen by any cinemaphile with an open mind .  and despite the whining from some ,  usually hardline christian ,  corners ,  it's not anti-christian at all .  what it is is simply great ,  imaginative and clever film making ,  and a superbly done character piece centered around a magnificent performance from mimi rogers ,  ably supported by the likes of david duchovny ,  will patton and patrick bauchau .i'm not going to go into it too deeply simply because it's one of those films that should be seen and experienced with as little up front knowledge as possible .( please note that i'm not attacking christians or christianity above ,  just a small ,  but ,  as usual ,  vocal closed minded minority that always gets up in arms about any film that dares tackle any such subject with any degree of honesty instead of going down the traditional biblical fawning path .  people who will instantly hate a film like this just  " on principle "  and then proclaim to all that they should avoid  " such trash "  .  you know exactly the kind of people i'm talking about .  they're a minority ,  they just happen to be a very vocal and closed minded one .  and none of that has anything to do with their christianity as much as it has to do with their absolute closed mindedness and their fear of anything that dares stray from a certain comfortable path .  )the dvd :  the good news ,  this film is finally on dvd ,  and with a pretty decent audio commetary to boot .  the bad news ,  the movie has been badly misframed ,  which is something that becomes obvious in a couple of key scenes especially .  i'm not sure whether this was done as a form of censorship  ( as the misframing of one scene does effectively nullify a sequence of any real nudity that it once had )  or whether it was just a botched transfer ,  but it is clearly misframed regardless as i saw this film twice on it's theatrical run and the framing is different now than it was then .  plus the misframing is quite obvious anyway ,  and on the audio commentary you can even hear remarks about the film pertaining to parts of the print that are no longer visible due to said misframing  ( so clearly they were watching the film in it's proper framing )  .unfortunately this doesn't appear to be available anywhere else on dvd ,  so if you want the film on dvd right now this is your only option ,  just be aware going in ,  and hope for a better release somewhere down the track .  apart from the framing issue the sound and audio quality are perfectly fine ,  and the only other notable extra is the film's trailer .the bottom line :  a really good ,  bold ,  interesting film on a disappointing and variable quality dvd .mr j
i am a huge chef !  fan .  i have been watching the show since it was on bbc america and my local pbs station .  i was excited to find that the  " complete collection "  was finally available on dvd .  i got the package and could not wait to start watching the show and that is when the dissappointment sat in .  i realized that shows were missing from the  " complete collection "  like :  divorice ?  ,  gareth's father and the christmas special  " a bird in the hand "  .  can someone please tell me how this can be the  " complete collection "  with those episodes ommitted from the dvd ?
this review is more about the  " superbit "  transfer of the movie to dvd than the movie itself .   the movie itself is great and i highly recommend it .however ,  the transfer on to this 2002  " superbit "  version is very lacking in several areas .   the superbit idea is a good one that is poorly executed on this transfer .   the original intent was to maximize video and audio quality by limiting or even eliminating extra features  ( like trailers ,  documentaries ,  featurettes ,  and  " making-of "  snippets )  to reserve space such that the movie can be presented in the highest quality .they have failed to do that here .   the video and audio quality are not what they could be .first ,  the movie is encoded onto a dvd-9 rsdl disc .   this means the dvd is capable of storing 9 . 5 gb of data .   however ,  not even 6 gb is used .  as a result ,  the video and audio quality is not what it could be ." panic room "  is a 112 minute movie .   any movie that is 2 hours long or less should be able to easily fit on a dvd-9 disc at maximum encoding rate ,  provided no extra features are placed on the disc .  the maximum video encoding rate to fit a 2 hour  ( or less )  movie onto a dvd-9 disc is 9 . 8 mbps .   however ,  this superbit version averages only 6 . 5 mbps .this superbit version offers audio encoding in 3 types :  dolby 2 . 0 surround 192kbps ,  dolby digital 5 . 1 ,  and dts 5 . 1 .   at first glance this is great news ,  until you discover that the dts encoding isn't as high quality as it could be .   the dd 2 . 0 surround is presented at a bitrate of 192bkps as expected .   so is the dd 5 . 1 at the expected 384kbps rate .   dts 5 . 1 can go as high as 1536 kbps ,  but on this disc is presented at only 768 kbps .   this is unsatisfactory given the fact that one-third of the available disc space of the dvd-9 isn't even used .   the dts encoding rate should be at least 1024 kbps for a movie like this .   this would represent a 33% increase in filespace for the audio portion ,  but a much larger increase in audio quality to the human ear .   the filespace increase would be only about 256 mb ,  which is very reasonable when you have over 3 gb of space not even being used .if they had encoded  " panic room "  on this superbit disc at an average video bitrate of 9 . 5 mbps ,  and removed the trailers and features ,  they would have had enough space to present all three audio encodings above ,  especially the dts 5 . 1 encoding at the 1024 kbps rate i stated .such an encoding process would have used 9 . 4 gb of the 9 . 5 gb of available space .   a much better way to fill up the dvd-9 disc and adhere to the spirit of the superbit ideal .   the result would have been a movie encoded to dvd-9 at a much higher video and audio quality than what was presented on this disc .i notice that they will be offering a repackaged superbit version in october 2006 .   hopefully that version will fix the flaws i just mentioned and present the movie in the highest encoding rate both video-wise and audio-wise .   it might even offer the better dd-ex 6 . 1 and dts-es 6 . 1 audio encodings for that extra rear center channel that many a/v receivers can process now .another thing i am noticing is that many times ,  for popular movies ,  they are released them in 2-disc editions .   the first disc contains only the movie and the second disc is all the extra stuff .   if the movie contains both dd and dts encodings on the first disc ,  with a very high video bitrate of 9 . 0 mbps or greater ,  it is already in the superbit mold .
i did watch that and i did not liked cause i know good detailed information about this history .  this dvd is making polishing boeing  company instead lockheed won this techonology war  !  it is 2 hours long and boeing appears most of the times .  there is no good explanation how lockheed is performed that outstanding job .  it all talkes about boeing and at the final it again declares boeing bla bla good bla bla succesfull at stealth jobs .  i think the director was from boeing compan
i got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development .  my baby watched about two mintues and was gone .  i think this is pitched as a baby video but it's really more geared toward older children .  none of the elements have anything to do with the music ,  making is virtually useless as a learning development product .  i give it a big  " thumbs down "  .  try any one of the baby faith products like god made me ,  god made music and god made animals .  they're awesome !
robert groden suggests that the zapruder film of the kennedy assassination has been tampered with to cover up the real killers of kennedy .   in my opinion ,  his  " evidence "  is shaky at best .   groden has made a lucrative living off of proposing alternative theories of who  " really "  shot kennedy ,  and here he is in 2003 suggesting that there was a conspiracy to kill kennedy despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary presented by abc ,  cbs ,  and many books .   groden needs to finally realize that the kennedy assassination has been solved definitively ,  and his continuation of conspiracy theories is clearly his lame and pathetic attempt to keep his money cash-cow alive .don't draw a conclusion based on this dvd !   look at other sources listed below and then draw your conclusion :1 .   abc's peter jennings presentation of the kennedy assassination  ( available on amazon . com )  clearly shows that oswald was the one and only killer of jfk .2 .   cbs's dan rather's special program on the kennedy assassination  ( available on cbs website )  also suggests that the preponderence of the evidence points to oswald as the lone killer .3 .   the book  " case closed "  ,  by gerald posner .   he uses the physical evidence collected in dallas ,  logic ,  and his ability to see through the fallicies of the conspiracies to show that lee oswald is the lone assassin .4 .   the book  " marina and lee "  ,  by priscilla johnson mcmillian .   this book shows that oswald was certainly capable of the assassination ,  and the circumstances of his life point to the conclusion that he killed kennedy .my advice is to watch this dvd first ,  and then look at the sources i list above ,  and then make an intelligent conclusion .   if you are like me ,  you will see that groden really has nothing solid to stand on .jim  " konedog "  konedog ,  kennedy assassination stuudent
this movie is laughable today .  it's very dated ,  and it shows .  it's not worth your time .  the acting is so-so ,  but felt forced  ( like william shatner style )  .  the storyline is okay .  by today's standards ,  it appears like a low budget flick
this late keaton material - when the actor desperately needed funds - is so asinine and unoriginal you will writhe along with keaton rolling in his grave at this release .the cover art was so deceptive that i bought into the dvd collection being some obscure works from the silent era .   nope .   the producers of this release went to painstaking steps to conceal the nature of this material .   it comes from keaton's last gasp on the screen :  skits so insanely stupid you will pity both keaton and yourself for buying this crap
we bought several different potty training videos and this was ,  unexpectedly ,  the worst .  the reason :  it lacks focus .   it comes off as more of a production made by people who never had kids ,  or at least don't remember what potty training is all about .it goes back and forth between elmo and short film and animated clips that focus on independence and doing things for yourself .   but it doesn't really hold a 2 year old's interest and the song lyrics and such are overly complicated for a child of that age .  my older daughter ,  who's potty trained for years now ,  watched it more than my son who grew bored really fast .if you are going for entertainment ,  get this dvd ,  but if you want your little one to start giving up diapers ,  go with potty power
this is your typical film which replaces reality with fantasy .  something liberals like to impose on others .it flopped because it just doesn't have the ring of reality to it .  you can have beautiful scenery ,  some decent actors  ( except the ford-lincoln-mercury twit with his quasi-permanent ice cube scowl )  and then a really stupid storyline ,  whallah ,  you get the fantasy liberal worldview .  in the movie the evil guys are an ex-militia leader and his band of neo-feudal toughs .  the good guys are  " just-wanna-livers "  with their leader being a conman who found his destiny .  lol !  dumb ,  just plain dumb !you realize it is the neo-liberals  ( no ,  i'm not pro neo-con either for the record ,  neo-cons are worse ,  getting others to do their fighting - cowards they are )  who put limits on free speech ,  have eroded things so bad that i'm afraid a general bethlehem type guy  ( minus the lunatic traits obviously )  is the only way to fix things .  look to ancient rome for the answers on this matter .to be brief ,  the  " bad "  guys are liberals and neo-cons and the good guys are yet to make themselves known .  this movie is right only in that america will split up and probably fall in some capacity .  history shows the way ,  which our current bio-mass masquerading as humans will not understand nor can do anything about it  ( too busy playing video games and im each other )  .one lesson to be learned in the movie is this :  might makes right .  here's another :  all is fair in love and war .
the hidden fortress is classic kurosawa ,  in every way--except for the wild overacting ,  inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central element of the film .   had the peasants been just as grubby but more subdued ,  or given comic material with more edge ,  skewering the upper classes as well as themselves ,  or been less in the focus and operated far in the background ,  this wouldn't have been a problem .   but instead we're offered a sort of dumb & dumber ,  beavis & butthead of japan ,  50 years ago .    ( and yes ,  i know that is anachronistic ,  but it's all too true .  )    " stupidity is funny "  wears thin after a short while ,  and the comic antics are both repetitive and all too easy to forecast .   oh ,  here comes a rocky upwards incline :  let's watch the pair pull one another down with grotesque facial expressions as they try to scramble up ,  etc .which is all too bad ,  because while the rest of the film has its overblown heroics ,  its far from bad .   the interactions between cast members has both tension and grit ,  while the outdoor settings mark a difference from the usual run of japanese period films  ( though kurosawa addicts like myself will well recall what he could do in roshomon )  .   mifune is over the top but splendid ,  and the direction has energy and focus .i've seen this film twice in 25 years ;  most recently ,  just last night ,  again .   unfortunately ,  my initial impressions were only confirmed--and i wish they weren't
this should have been better but angela bassett's performance was the best ,  so i guess it's worth a watch
a girl-buddy movie starring shelley long and bette midler as two women in love with the same guy .  when they learn that he's  " used "  both of them ,  they turn from being mortal enemies to closest friends as they chase the louse from new york to new mexico .  silly and dumb ,  with the usual chase fare thrown in .  everything is a cliche ,  from the opposing personality idea  ( long is an orderly goody-twoshoes ,  midler a loudmouthed mess )  to desert hippies to car chases ,  etc ,  etc .  the movie seems to go on endlessly
beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that .   was real disappointed by 9th gate .   this film is tepid ,  there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'rosemary's baby' it's too hollywood ,  surprisingly ,  considering the maverick presence of depp/polanski .  film opens well ,  with a suicide and depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence ,  but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere .   exorcist 3 ,  which i was equally disappointed in ,  at least was more satanic .   i won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it ,  but the showdown scene between depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed .   emmanuelle seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a demona .  and the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least .   this film could have been great but polanski dropped the ball ,  considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter ,  and the film fails in all three areas .  it's not horrible ,  so i give it 2 stars .   but don't buy this film ,  rent it only .   buy angel heart instead
julia roberts plays ed harris' young new wife .  susan sarandon plays harris' ex-wife .  ex-wife does not like new wife .  new wife does not like ex-wife .  ex-wife's cutsey ,  but bratty kids make new wife's life a living hell .  ex-wife thinks new wife is a stupid bimbo .  new wife thinks ex-wife is a nagging battle axe .  new wife and ex-wife fight and yell at each other ad nauseum .  how does the film solve this conflict ?  ex-wife is diagnosed with terminal cancer -- everyone reconciles ,  ex-wife and new wife suddenly love each other ,  the end .  this is one of the most cliched ,  saccharine ,  hackneyed and shamelessly manipulative pieces of garbage put out by hollywood in the past decade .  if you like julia roberts ,  susan sarandon or ed harris ,  please see erin brokovich ,  dead man walking and the right stuff and run screaming from this nauseating cinematic catastrophe
being a fan of cesar ,  i expected something new and informative .this dvd is nothing more than a bunch of selected episodes from his series .   so ,  if you already have his episodes on dvd ,  don't buy this ,  unless you want the aggression-specific episodes on one disk
the dvd is really a deception .  all the experts invited are the ones that support gnostic theory .  i was hoping that i can see a balanced view related to this subject .  instead ,  i only see the point of view of the pro dan brown's experts .  i think we should invite the famous evangelists ,  theologists ,  and scholars from the protestant ,  cathodic and liberal to discuss the issue .  the dvd does not even discuss why the gnostic theory was rejected in the first century .
i purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since gone with the wind .   give me a break !this movie had an agenda 25 years ago ,  and it still comes across that way in 2006 .the rating of pg is a joke .   please do not watch this movie with your kids !   it is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think .the plot is lame and i am sorry i spent the money on it .   i plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where i can get something that is entertaining ,  this certainly was not .   i did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off .for top names in the industry making this film ,  all i can say is they got paid a lot of money for nothing .
i gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary .   it falls more along the same fodder as  " spinal tap "  .   it is missing a counter point from gm .   one could argue that roger had chances to talk with moore ,  but choose not to .   one the other hand ,  rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold .   i believe that moore counted on not being granted air time at gm for the production of this film .   an interview would have killed the tone .watch the nightly news now .   last night ,  march 22nd 2006 ,  gm offered a one time buy out to some of it's employees .   the news reported that gm cannot afford to maintain its relationship with the uaw  ( just like what caused the flint situation in the film )  .   this same thing happened in the late 1980's and brought forth this extremely biased movie .   this film is entertaining in a strange way ,  but should not be considered to be the absolute truth .   watch it with a grain of salt .for what it's worth ,under close examination ,careful consideration andkeen intellect ,  you will see a undercover messageyou might need to examine closely the content .outwardly ,  things are not what they seemuntil you look more closely .many times the basic concept ismisread in the dialogonce you see this ,  andopen your mind to it ,rational thought willemerge
i went and saw another film as i was so disenchanted with this one .  the opening had so little to do with the rest of the film i thought i was watching a preview to another film .  i don't care for spoofs about catholics and protestants .  the pythons can't sing or dance  ( for those on this board who claim their talents are innumerable )  .  i say to the fans of python :  get a life
this movie was a weak effort by capra ,  who directed it ,  and the star ,  gary cooper .  it's a good story ,  just poorly directed  ( capra can't hit a home run every time )  .  i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on .  and no extra features on the dvd ,  at least none to speak of
of all the movies i have seen in this catergory this movie was dissapointing to me .  poor acting and hard to understand dialoge .   would get a refund if you were in australia .  but it is too much hassle to poste back overseas .  and it could get lost in the mail .debr
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens ,  very disapointtin
if you are looking for a good movie to buy for your child ,  pass on this one .  this movie has so many drug references ,  i can't even begin to explain .  ( trust me ,  i just so happen to have taken acid before )  this is a movie that never should have been directed toward children .if you want your child to be drug free when he/she grows up ,  do not buy this
this movie was obviously made by japanese fans of several american films .   it then tried to mix them all together in one film .the main ones are the matrix ,  reservoir dogs ,  and night of the living dead .   especially the matrix .we have several yakuza meeting at a specified location where they usually bury their victims ,  the location turns out to be a forest of reincarnation so their victims are coming back to life .then it is a dead-come-back-to-life genre gore film heavy with feuding yakuza elements .our main character has the long black matrix type coat and general emotionless demeanor .    the high-tech 360 camera movements of the matrix are blatantly being imitated minus the high-tech aspect .   instead it is obvious that the camera itself is being moved 360 around the action .i really hated the matrix so a film mainly paying tribute to the matrix already has a big strike against it .as for the other elements ,  they were all brought in awkwardly and it just seemed to constantly extend the story with another element of their favorite american movies that they wanted to include .the gore was mostly uncreative and uninteresting .note that if you are looking for something different than typical american movies by checking out those wacky japanese movies ,  you will not get it here
i've been a fan of the who since i recieved my copy of tommy on vinyl in 1970 for christmas .i resisted buying this dvd set for a long time because of the price and knowing that if it was a current release that townshend would be playing an accoustic guitar while someone backstage would be playing what he should be  ( he started doing this due to hearing loss years ago )  .  the who hasnt been the same since .watching the tommy performance will make you seasick its so out of sync .  it just goes to show that some publishers and performers will let anything out the door to make another buck .i had just moved to las vegas when entwhistle died there of a cocaine overdose ,  it was somehow prophetic in a way ,  i didnt have tickets for their show that week but i thought with his death it wouldnt have happened anyway .surprisingly it did ,   ( its all about $$$$$ )  .if you've never seen this band in its heyday go get a copy of their live at the isle of wight festival show or woodstock for a second choice and see what this band was really like .and shame on the people who let this recording hit the shelves ,  i hope they choke on the money .
editorial reviewsamazon . com essential videoafter initially rejecting the role as too sentimental ,  ginger rogers found the title character of kitty foyle to be an oscar winner and a career breakthrough .  released in 1940 ,  only a year after her nine-picture partnership with fred astaire ended ,  kitty foyle helped establish rogers as a nonmusical box-office star .  the film portrays a white-collar working girl who receives a warm and welcome marriage proposal from mark  ( james craig )  ,  a kindly but humble doctor .  as soon as she accepts ,  however ,  she receives a different proposition ,  this one from her former love ,  wealthy socialite wyn  ( dennis morgan )  ,  who plans to flee his life and his wife and asks kitty to join him and live in unwedded bliss in south america .  kitty then recounts her life in flashback to help her choose which man to love .  rogers gives an appealing performance as the feisty yet vulnerable kitty ,  who makes up in moxie what she lacks in social status .  did she really deserve the best actress oscar over bette davis in the letter ,  joan fontaine in rebecca ,  katharine hepburn in the philadelphia story ,  and martha scott in our town ?  well ,  evidently rogers had real-life moxie too .  --david horiuchiproduct descriptionknown for light comedies and her partnership with fred astaire ,  ginger rogers stepped off the dance floor and into 1940's oscar spotlight with her best actress turn as kitty ,  an indomitable working-class girl who endures the rejection of philadelphia society ,  makes her own way as a single woman and ultimately chooses between an unmarried arrangement with main line scion wynnewood strafford vi  ( dennis morgan )  or marriage to a struggling physician  ( james craig )  .  rogers' deserved academy award confirmed she was more than a dance star - a fact humorously underscored when she returned to the studio and was greeted by staffers and actors in top hats and tails .  jane wyman won the best actress academy award for her sensitive portrayal of belinda ,  capturing the girl's affecting isolation ,  awakening desire to learn and ultimate triumph .  directed by jean negulesco and co-starring lew ayres ,  charles bickford and agnes moorehead  ( all four oscar nominees* for their fine work )  ,  johnny belinda  ( nominated for a total 11 oscars including best picture )  blends atmosphere ,  nuance and high drama into a heartbreaking classi
in dr yang's dvd i expected to find a good reference for my practice of the yang 108 form ,  but i am very displeased with the quality of the dvd .  for the price that i paid ,  i expected a least good video quality .  when dr .  yang executes the complete form the illumination is very poor ;  there are close ups of the upper body and obviously ,  the movement of the legs is not seen ;  you get lost with changes of camera angles ;  at some point ,  you can see people in the background ;  and the stage is not properly set up .  also ,  and with all due respect ,  his movements are weird .  i have seen several presentations and videos of other professional instructors of the yang 108 form and there are several differences in the way movements are executed .  definitively i do not recommend this dvd to any one who wants to use it as a reference ,  you can use it as a movie
many people had reccomended this movie to me but it failed to live up to its reputation .   the quality of the film-making was aweful ,  the acting bad to the point of utter ridiculousness ,  and the script read like a cross between a psychotherapists analysis and one of those pulp romance novels about angsty teenagers .   it gets some credit toward the end for showing some self-awareness of how silly and dramatic the whole thing was .   there were some cute moments ,  and it was interesting to see the humble roots of one of the big l word ladies ,  but don't go into this movie expecting a highly polished end product
not as much tap dancing as the other ones .  you probaly have to be irish to understand the theme because i didn't
a few comments about why i didn't like the video for my daughter- the dvd is cheaply done .   the animation is almost all old and there are frequent times when the princess look like an animated statue with only their mouths moving ,  while their prince next to them really does look like a statue since he doesn't move at all .- the christmas themes are simply not well done with the video containing things that were more suited for halloween than christmas .   the part where belle almost drowns  ( and would have certainly died of hypothermia )  is a good example of this ,  though not the only example .overall the video is not at all suited for young children
i just had to write a review about this movie seeing that it is being made into a hollywood film  ( the departed )  .   i can defintely see why someone wanted to remake this movie .   after watching this movie i turned to my wife and said ,   " this movie would have been great if it would have stared someone/anyone with an ounce of talent !  "   the acting is very affected and self-conscious .  .  .  understand that's how hong kong mega-stars always act  ( its a sort of us 1930's throwback style )  .   i really ,  really despise us film remakes - but martin must have seen the same potential so many others saw in the intriguing storyline .   i would suggest watching the us version first and coming back to the original afterward so that you do not ruin the surprises - not to mention this movie is avoidable without the new-found intrigue .   ps i have not yet seen the departed ,  but i am assuming that it is a much better version than this .   however .  .  .  come on america ,  we have plenty of creative writers out there ,  can't we just throw them a bone rather than using old scripts and plots
most of the characters in this movie are great ,  the scenes ,  the costumes and everything but i didn't like the outcome of the story  .  .  i felt daniel changed somewhat after discovering his past and i couldn't understand his abandonment of his former love in order to persue a life with that new girl .  to be honest i never liked gwendolyn's character at all ,  she was selfish ,  self centered and annoying ,  yet towards the end i felt very sorry for her ,  after all she'd gone through for daniel and he seemed to have just forgotten all that which happened between them .it's just what you expect once you discover the jewish factor involved .
i was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004 .   i was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie ,  but it was really lackluster .the acting is wooden ,  the script is very lame ,  and worst of all ,  the action isn't very exciting .   i expected a much better movie from director richard donner .   there is a battle scene ,  and there are action scenes ,  but they just aren't exciting .   when the action isn't exciting ,  you better have a good story .   the story here is alright ,  but certainly not enough to save the movie .i don't hate any of the actors ,  they are decent when they have something to work with .   here they had nothing to work with ,  so they obviously didn't do too well this time .this really isn't worth your time .   i gave this to the thrift shop after i got it ,  and i feel sorry for the person who bought it there
but for me at least ,  i found it rather hard to root for mel gibson's character ,  given the fact that he was a major ,  major drug dealer .   when the movie ended with him more or less riding off into the sunset with michelle pfeiffer and all the loot ,  i didn't find myself feeling exactly uplifted by it .   given the fact that the movie bent over backwards to depict gibson as a loving father ,  a phenomenally successful businessman ,  and a super-stud ,  one might fairly say that this movie glamorizes drug-dealing
i love bad movies ,  so when i saw there was a documentary out all about ranking the worst movies i thought i'd give it a try .don't bother with this dvd .   its 60 minutes long .   now think about that fact .  50 movies ,  in 60 minutes .  some movies are barely shown for twenty seconds or they use a commercial that reveals little of whats bad in the movie .   so problem number one they don't show enough of the movies .   problem 2 is the bad designs of people booing and throwing popcorn at every movie they talk about .   the voice over was also a bit on the annoying side but thats probably the fault of the people who made this .its actually very ironic that this being about the worst films is actually a terrible film in itself .  another complaint i have is on what merrits on they ranking these films .   for a few ,  it seemed they put their not cause they were the worst movies made but because they were box office flops .  i'm not saying ishtar or howard the duck were good movies but they shouldn't be placed on a list of the worst .   there are alot more terrible films ,  with acting thats unbelievably bad ,  mistakes galore ,  poor lighting ,  poor directing ,  poor writing , etc .   these were just bad movies that were flops .   i'm surprised they didn't throw heaven's gate in here if they were doing flops .so i don't get the criteria they were using .   a lot of really terrible movies were excluded too for some reason .   manos is sadly missing .   glen or glenda is alot worse then plan 9 ( despite plan 9 having the fame )  yet plan 9 got a lower ranking .i guess the best thing i can say about this dvd is that they did get a list of some very bad movies .   robot monster and santa claus conquers the martians are amongst the worst movies you'll ever see .   according to the dvd ,  only black belt jones is a movie so bad its funny but many  ( if not all )  picked are so bad they are funny .   i didn't like how they included the movie troll only because the sequel troll 2 was so much worse ( for heaven's sake ,  troll 2 didn't even have trolls in it .   it had goblins .   thats bad !  )  .so ,  if you guys want to watch a list of movies with barely any clips of the films that emphasize there baddness ,  this a film for you .   those of you who don't ,  heres a breif list of some of their movies .snow white and the 3 stoogesgreetingsthe frozen deadthey saved hitler's brainblack belt jonestnt jacksonthe thing with two headshoward the duckbilly the kid vs .  draculabela legosi meets a brooklyn gorillastrange creaturesbloodsucking freaksleonard pt .  6attack of the crab monstersrobot monstersanta claus conquers the martianstrolltrogxanaduthe crippled mastersi married a monster from outer spaceteenage zombieghost and the invisible bikinifat spyplan 9 from outer spaceglen or glendabride of the monsterthe mesa of lost womenvoodoo womanishtarfrankenstein conquers the worldthe creeping terrorthe great alligatorhillbillys in a haunted housethe incredible melting manfirebird 2015addracula vs .  frankensteinsmokey and the bandits pt 3the wild woman of wongothe apegalaxy of terrorthe robot vs .  the aztec mummysnow white  ( german version )creature from the haunted seathe swinging cheerleaderstrial of billy jackkillers from spacespider babythe 3 stooges in orbitthe sorceressthe crawling handjd's revengefrankenstein meets the space monsterkiller shrewsgreat whitethe thing with two headseegah !the incridebly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed up zombies .certainly far from a definitive list of worst movie
other reviews rant about ms .  judd ;  frankly ,  after double jeopardy and high crimes ,  i'm not seeing the superb actress ,  but that's aside the point .   this movie has one point that can be summed up in this review so you can spend your time better on something else--  search for truth ,  not innocence .   especially if you are an attorney
unwatchable   !  !  !  !  ! --over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous---
instructions :  rent steven seagall's latest action movie knuckle-fest  " exit wounds "  .  insert in dvd player ;  watch first 15 minutes of movie ,  remove from dvd player .  return to video store .if you follow those instructions to the letter ,  you'll have fun with  " exit wounds "  ,  which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory  ( seagall attempts to thwart a brash ,  brazen assassination attempt )  .there's also a great scene---strike that ,  a priceless scene :  hipster uber-villain  ( played convincingly by rapper dmx )  and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot  ( ultimately settling on a lamborghini murcielago ,  paid for in cash out of a golf bag )  .the scene is dope ,  def ,  and cool---it's all good ,  dawgz ! ---- , in a new jack city way .  and that's a shame ,  really :  it's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin ,  over the course of two hours ,  to realize that the rest of the movie just can't hold a candle to its opening minutes .an action movie should be exciting ;  after seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the u . s .  vice president  ( a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own ,  and from which 95% of the trailer material was taken )  ,   " exit wounds "  is not exciting .it's stale .  it's rehashed .  honestly ,  were it not for dmx ,  the few riffs from the movie's excellent rap soundtrack ,  and the equipment ,  i would have thought i was watching an eighties seagall flick .  and that's surprising ,  given that the movie is helmed by  " romeo must die "  director andrzej bartkowiak ,  who also did the cinematography for speed ,  lethal weapon 4 ,  and devil's advocate .the plot ,  what there is of it ,  deals with police corruption ,  and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and doesn't make any sense---but by that time you've stopped caring .  you've seen all of this before---done better .worst of all ,  seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero ;  he's reached that wheezing ,  shortness of breath stage that afflicted roger moore back in  " view to a kill " ---except seagall doesn't have the acting chops that moore was able to fall back on .  tom arnold is thrown in for laughs ,  but the laughs are so feeble ,  and the jokes so stale ,  that you're laughing *at* arnold and seagall---not with them .midway through  " exit wounds "  i was fighting to stay awake ,  and that's a shame ,  given that the first 15 minutes of the movie contained more sheer ,  hectic energy than any movie i've seen since  " face/off "  .rent the dvd for that opener if you dare ,  but if you stay any longer you'll see it's true :  old action heroes never die ,  they just fade away .js
seriously ,  i am an expert ,  and this movie sucks .  but ,  imagine for a moment--yes ,  stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices--a movie whose premise is truly profound ,  strikingly engaging ,  and culturally challenging--that art is only such relative to those individuals ,  those `experts' ,  whose tastes ,  likes and dislikes ,  decide it so .  given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical--a matter of pure subjective opinion--why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all ?  besides this interesting question ,  which is put forth explicitly ,  without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry ,  and in about 60 seconds ,  the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration .  avoid at all costs .
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad !  this movie doesn't know what it wants to be .  at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of  " mississippi burning "  or the anger and impunity of  " ghosts of mississippi "  ,  or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre .  at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors ,  matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock .  as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre's list of movies for lack of originality ,  and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make .  some of my favorite actors are wasted ,  either by being given cliched dialogue ,  over acting ,  or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence .  if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book ,  then i have no interest in reading the book .  i'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper .  but the direction doesn't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own .   bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role ,  proving she's only worthy of b-grade  " miss congeniality "  type crud .   mcconaughey over acts so much  ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others )  that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan ,  kevin spacey and donald sutherland .  samuel l .  jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever ,  but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in .   even the extras in this movie are horrible .  enough can't be said about the terrible direction in this movie ,  equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault ,  making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison .  this is not  " a powerful film .  "  it's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast ,  a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience ,  and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions ,  culminating in an over the top ,  pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that wouldn't hold water in any real court of justice .  maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt ,  or because they haven't seen quality comparisons and classics like  " mississippis burning ,  "  that has both a great script and fabulous acting .  i don't know .  all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started .  among the top of my most over rated movies
there are two main reasons why this superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects .what singer and company have missed is the heart of superman - virtues .   the ideal of the american way  ( noticably absent )  is supposed to go hand in hand with truth and justice .   donner made the mistake in the 70's of having superman sleep with lois ,  and now singer adds insult to injury by having superman discover he has an illegitmate child that he doesn't take responsibility for  ( deadbeat dad )  .   using his super powers to invade the privacy of lois in her home ,  drags superman down to the level of creepy  ( peeping tom )  .the second issue concerns personality .   routh and bosworth look nice but have no charm and no chemistry .   these are the two ingredients that made reeves and kidder so endearing .a new director ,  writers ,  and cast is needed .   until then ,  at least there's superman 1 .
this is without question the worst movie ever made .  it makes  " plan 9 from outer space "  look like  " 2001 "  .  roger ebert must be a genius .  no one could  " accidentally "  make a movie this bad .  i guess it's a comedy - that is if you find the contents of a toilet funny
the video in this dvd looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a dvd disc .  a standard 4 . 7gb disc ,  by the way ;  that's what you'll get when you buy this .i say this because i've used those programs before and know how they alter the video .  this is how they alter it ,  and how it looks on this usa release of the dvd :skin color is too red .  dark  ( shadowed )  areas are greenish .  white/beige is pinkish .  grey is bluish .  white has blue on it .  the colors are just totally messed up .evidence of grey being blue = look at robert duvall's uniform  ( you'll see him 3 minutes into the movie )  .  the german uniform is a semi-light grey .  it is too dark and filled with blue .then look behind him at the wall .  a lovely dark shadow of green .evidence of white/beige being pinkish ,  when robert duvall walks into that office ,  look at the walls .  they should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all ,  they are pinkish .as he walks into the office to sit down ,  you see curtains on the wall in the office .  they are supposed to be white ,  but they're filled with blue .at 48 minutes into the movie ,  you see donald sutherland sitting in the grass with the character molly .  his suit is supposed to be black .  look at it .  it's purple .  that is not black .on top of all that ,  the movie is too dark .  there should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment .  if you pay attention to dark areas in the movie ,  such as fixtures around a room or an office ,  most times ,  they are pitch black and indistinguished .  for example ,  look at desk drawers ,  telephones ,  vases ,  black hair ,  black jackets .  . even robert duvall's eye patch .  not much shading ,  usually pitch black .i've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the north american release .i plan to get the region 2  ( europe )  release .  i'd rather do without watching it on my tv and watch it on my computer in better ,   " proper "  quality .'nuff said
not my type of humor .  i think i'm just too old to find the sophomoric comedy entertaining
the plot of the story was ruined by the immorality and language .    this could have been a beautiful story if sexual immorality and profane language had been eliminated .    it is possible to have something beautiful and clean where when you finish you feel that you have experienced something encouraging and uplifting .    dying young and the plot of sickness and someone caring is beautiful .   falling in love is beautiful but it is degraded by stooping to immorality .    i threw it in the trash as i would not share it with those that i love
this picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick .  a rather pointless attempt to remake brewster's millions with an altuistic slant .  it wasn't a  " bad "  movie it simply wasn't a  " good "  one .  boooooooring .  .  . zzzz .  . zzzz .  . zzz
let me start off by saying that i am a huge madtv fan and have been for years .  it is easily my favorite show of all time .  while i loved  " the complete season 1 "  released in 2004 ,  i think this dvd set is terrible .  why they abandoned complete season releases in favor of throwing together a random mix of sketches in no set order from the 3 most recent ,  and arguably the worst ,  seasons makes no sense to me .  of course this does have some classic sketches ,  impressions and characters on it ,  such as debra wilson's oprah and mo collins' lorraine ,  but a majority of it is just random .  most of these sketches aren't some of the better ones .  who picked this list ?of course i'll still buy it because i love madtv ,  but hopefully in time they'll go back to releasing complete seasons again .  i can watch a better mix of sketches and episodes for free every day on comedy central
this is not about riverdance .this is about what this disc did to murder it .i popped it in ,  expecting to seemy favorite dance scenes  ( while conveiniently skipping the singing )  ,  when all of a sudden i'm at the finale .   all i could say was  " wtf ?  !  "  ,   " wth ?  !  "  ,  or words to that effect .this  " superbit "  edition cuts out half -- half -- of the scenes this performance had to offer ,  including  ( but certainly notlimited to )  riverdance and trading taps .not only that ,  but  ( unless the  " high def "  only works for high-end tvs )  the video quality is equal to my old vhs copy .i sincerely hope this problem only occurs on my copy ,  but i suggest to get a refund webpage ready ,  because the atrocious product i received royally screws this great perform up the ---
nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment ,  as he turns  in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
the simple truth is ,  this movie is boring .  yes ,  it has a really long  ( not to say interminable )  rape scene in it ,  and yes ,  some guy gets his head smashed in with a fire extinguisher .  but so what ?  it's still boring .  we just sort of drift around from moment to moment ,  through what seem to be virtually unscripted scenes ,  backwards through the  " story ,  "  which has pretty much no focus or ultimate impact .  then it's over and you get to do something more interesting ,  like shine the silverware .  don't get me wrong ,  i like dark and disturbing films  ( texas chainsaw massacre ,  anyone ?  )  ,  but i prefer them to at least be interesting and involving .  i'd take anything david cronenberg ever made over this ,  and i'm including the early stuff
while viewing the dvd elizabeth i ,  we noticed many imperfections requiring restarts and/or interruptions of our viewing .  this is the first dvd that we have ever seen with imperfections .it was very distracting while trying to view this excellent movie
qd3 has put out some good product before but thid dvd is kind of weak .  the roxanne battles ,  epmd ,  krs&nelly ,  canibus&ll ,  and ice cube vs cyprus hill was dope but the dvd feels incomplete .  the grandmaster caz vs .  the sugarhill gang beef that can be found in the extras should have been in the main movie .  i would love to hear big ban hank try to refute what caz says .  the royce/d12 beef was obviously a replacement for the eminem/source beef and word is the source punked them out of using the footage .buy this used or at a discount but it's not worth the full pric
i bought this dvd for my collection .   i do not buy full screen format dvds .   amazon described the dvd as  " anamorphic ,  closed-captioned ,  color ,  dolby ,  full screen ,  widescreen ,  ntsc "  with an aspect ration of 2 . 35 : 1 .   however ,  when it arrived ,  it was full screen only with an aspect ratio of 1 : 33 . 1 .   consequently ,  i returned it .   my recommendation ,  if you only want widescreen ,  don't believe the description that this dvd is dual-layered and don't buy it
to borrow from a previous reviewer :   a movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering .
as an environmental scientist ,  i find these soft-science/hardball political presentations of the global warming discussion distressing and unhelpful .  while they rally the convinced ,  having partisan political types at the forefront of the discussion is probably unhelpful .  to wit ,  about a third of this movie turns out to be a self promotion video complete with a replay of 2000 election footage .about the  " movie "  :  it's actually a filmation of the presentation al gore has made for some time on global warming .  in it he tries to make the case that nearly everything we are measuring on this dynamic earth is the result of man-made co2 and other green-house gasses .  the audience is bombarded with a long series of charts ,  graphs ,  and suppositions that make for a compelling argument - if one has little or no knowledge coming into the presentation .and this is where this production goes terribly wrong ,  the fact checking was terrible ,  the cherry-picked data was obvious and heavy-handed ,  and finally the movie ends up serving those who oppose any discussion of global warming more than it helps the cause .  two examples :an inconvenient truth asserts that a sea-level rise of 20 feet is a realistic short-term prospect - yet ,  the 2005 joint statement by the science academies of the western nations warns of sea-level rise in the four to 35 inches range in the 21st century .gore discusses the earth's atmosphere as relatively thin ,  and declares that ,   " the problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of carbon dioxide .  "  hello ?  thickness has nothing to do with global warming people .  carbon dioxide has molecular bonds that vibrate on the same wavelengths at which infrared energy radiates upward from earth's surface - meaning that the vibration warms the co2 ,  which makes things hotter .  further the references to nitrogen are pure nonsense ,  since it doesn't play a role .my warning is to not let the politicians ruin the scientific process ,  no matter how noble the cause may be .
the saga of the candyman continues in this third installment of the hit series .  i can remember the first time i watched the original created by clive barker ,  i luv'd it ,  the same can't be said for this film .  caroline is last living descendent of the candyman ,  and he wants to end it all by ending her .  all who watch this film and the acting of donna d' errico will wish for the same thing .  one would only think that she got the job to secure watchers of baywatch for the film and for that reason only ,  or maybe it's because a little fragile thing like her can't take on candyman head on .  get a real actress like kathy bates in there and she'll kick his ass  { misery is a classic }  .as far as tony todd is concerned he does a good job in this film ,  but not as scary as he has been in the other films .  he does a good job none the less ,  and serves as a co-producer .  as far as the script goes it's a decent attempt at the franchise ,  al septien & director turi meyer do what they can .  but that doesn't save the film from being less then average .  side performances from the art gallery owner ,  the two bad cops ,  and the gypsy women are great and save the film a little .there isn't much to the story ,  caroline is his last descendent and he wants to stop his pain by taking her .  people she knows gets killed so it looks like she did it ,  and she tries to stop him ,  that's it nothing more to it .  over all a more worthy sequel of its predecessors would be more enjoyable .
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors ,  thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating .  but this film showed two desperate ,  middle-aged strangers  ( with all their flaws abundantly clear )  meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters .  the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the  " desperate "  ,  tawdry ,  pathetic feel of their relationship .  naturally ,  one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner ,  one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters :  sooner or later ,  anonymity is not good enough anymore .
trash film usurps title .  people that like this film seem to come from a group that have only seen ersatz films such as the new mummy have nothing of real movie value to compare them to .  this must also be a group that has never seen a live play or an old german film .the filmmakers attempted to capture a cross between nosferatu .  it may have worked in 1920 however the film is to clear and sharp .  it comes off looking more like a cross between a cartoon and a graphics ad .the actors outweighed the characters and looked like they were reading the script .  i could swear that some were watching the teleprompter .  and who's idea was it to cut up a three day old corps to get covered in blood that if was any ,  had lone ago coagulated ?  i could go on with quite a few examples .  but you get the idea .  this should be helpful even if you liked the movie .if you are driving by a place that rents this dvd ,  stay in the car !
i really dont understand how people find this show funny .  maybe back in the day it was something hot ,  but now its not
this movie does a very good job of portaying an alcoholic that has not yet found the program of alcoholics anonymous .  the aa meetings in this movie are packed with self centered selfish and restless ,  irrtable and discontented people who meet to share their misery .  real aa meetings offer experience ,  strength and hope ,  and the solution to how an alcoholic can live happy lives without alcohol
ok ,  the original is a classic and is what .  .  . 90 .  .  . 100 minutes long ?  jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story .   the native were scary .  the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions ,  they actually made him into a character .  .  . something that can't be said for any of the human characters .the insect scenes are ridiculous !  !  the dinosaur stampede was idiotic .  anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie .  now jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ?  !  ?peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently . remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
who's idea was it to put jessica alba as sue storm ?   chris evans's portrayal of johnny storm was somewhat disappointing too ,  although not as bad as jessica alba's portrayal of sue storm .   why do they cast hollywood big names in these movies just for the sake of having big celebrities in these movies ?   they really need to cast people who actually fit the roles and have talent for portraying the characters .   this movie was somewhat good ,  but it didn't feel all that great .   so far ,  this movie is just another of marvel's somewhat disappointing movies along the lines of elektra ,  the incredible hulk ,  xmen 3 ,  daredevil ,  and the punisher .   i was so happy to see marvel characters getting their own movies ,  but after seeing what hollywood does to them ,  i would rather see marvel's chracters go back into hiding .   special effects were good in this movie ,  and so was the story .   michael chiklis as the thing was great ,  and his the thing character makeup was done very well ,  and he played the character well too ,  as did ioan gruffud with mr .  fantastic .   jessica alba and chris evans definitely demoted this movie
i have to say that i was not familiar with any darkman comics ,  or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so i cannot compare the character to other sources .  therefore ,  coming from someone that did not  " know "  darkman prior to the film i have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment !there are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies ,  like the shadow ,  batman etc ,  which is interesting .nevertheless ,  darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast :  liam neeson ,  larry drake ,  and frances mcdormand among others .   it is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement .   in an effort to exact revenge ,  he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims .  .  .  .in short ,  the acting and the plot are average  ( nothing great )  ,  while the dialogues are way below average .   the movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category .the characters are ,  overall ,  bland and just plain uninteresting  ( e . g .  rick anderson played by the  " fool ,  "  ted raimi ,  from the xena series )  .though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off .   a shame really .  .  .in a nutshell ,  it's not a movie you would want to add to your collection ,  but it might provide for an evening's entertainment ,  and that's about it .no masterpiece here .  .  .  2 stars
what's all the fuss about .  ms .  hepburn doesn't act .  our leading man is plodding and mumbles half the time .  eddie albert's restraint is utterly-unbelievable .  any two-bit paparazzi worth their weight in tin would have turned in those pictures for millions !  what is peck left with ?  a long life of knowing he's got a girl friend he can't touch ,  see ,  or speak with .i find this movie depressing .  hepburn chooses the stifling life of a princess for the  " honor "  ,  instead of following the man she loves and running down that empty corridor screaming out his name as he walks out at the end ,  having chucked the whole royal kit-and-kabootle for her man .peck choose poverty instead of instant journalistic fame ?  albert takes one for his buddy and is now stuck doing endless pin-up photos in his dank drab loft ?i mean really people .  would you like to live with the staff at the palace ?  endless  " league of nations "  speeches ,  and all the time wondering what the man of your dreams is doing ?  i'm sure she'd face the fate of lady di trying to escape her monotonous life .  and to think she may even risk marrying someone like prince charles ,  a stiff approved of by her entourage .  depressing .peck is forever seeing what could have been as no one believes a word of what he says when he finally comes out with the truth on his deathbed .  and the only source he has is the former pin-up photographer down the hall in the rest home ,  the one who constantly mutters at the ceiling ,   " my photos coulda been a contenda "  while taking pictures of nurses with his 1950 pinhole camera ,  the one without film they let him keep for patient management sake .depressing .we should have heard a  " wait "  as peck walks out of the last frame .  audrey running ,  her tiara falling to the marble floor ,  shoes flying off ,  holding her dress as the entire press corp chases after the both of them .  they jump into the river again .  eddie ,  knowing she'd break ,  waits in a scooter and off they go into the roman sunset for a true roman holiday .but nooooooooooo .  .  .  .  .
i recently purchased this dvd and was beyond disappointed with it .   i actually ended up fast forwarding just to get through it .   i expected a true documentary with maybe a few interviews with people who were there ,  with the firemen ,  or anyone at all but the video is mostly silent .   i can hear the fire fighters radios but most of it is so staticky it's hard to make out .   the film has a few comments by the person taping it but that's it .   the film also pretty much stays focused on just a couple of areas of rubble .   i found nothing at all in this film that brought any emotion to me other than boredom .   i own several other documentaries that i watch over and over as i don't want to forget the feelings i felt on 911 but this film is lacking greatly in bringing any kind of human element to this horror that was inflicted on our country .   this dvd was a huge waste of both my time and money .
the film deserves 5 stars but the dvd only gets 1 .   why :   no letterbox format .   after waiting years for this fabulous film to come out on dvd ,  why would they give us full screen / pan & scan ?   yes ,  the quality and color are great but oh ,  what we're missing on the sidelines
this film had a few laughs but was pretty run of the mill .  pauley shore pretty much did the same role over&over but this film had a alright charm to it for a few minutes .  i saw it again recently after some years&it had the same vibe to me then as now
let's face it ;  some of the jokes are funny .  the one about mike tyson been like someone else's bulldog let loose in the room was really funny .  i also found the bit about bill clinton and osama bin laden also funny .  however ,  jamie dwells too much on the fart joke .  how can you tell a fart joke for 6 minutes ?  after 2 min it becomes worn and so  " unfunny "  .  why does he repeat himself so much with that line ,   " i am not saying she's a crackhead ,  just a bit crackish "  ?  it sounds very rehearsed after the second time .  if it were only for these errors i would have found the jokes altogether acceptable .what i found completely unacceptable were the racist jokes that he made against arabs .  i am black myself but found some of the jokes about islam and arabs to be in bad taste .  jamie could not even get an arab accent right .  c'mon ,  guys the accent jamie pulled was an indian accent and not an arab accent .i kept asking myself ,   " what would black people do if a white comedian  ( say robin williams )  makes the same crude jokes about black people ?  "  would it be acceptable ?  "  .  i think not .  i am sure the black press would slaughter robin if he did .  i wish to call a spade a spade .  nonsensical ,  crude racist jobs against any ethnic group  ( black ,  white ,  asian and yes arabs )  are not funny .  they degrade and demean .  for not even managing to get an arabic accent ,  jamie deserves 2 stars from me .
what movie was every one else watching ?   certainly not this one .   very ,  very ,  slow .   disjointed story line .   i hate to be a bore but this was boring .   enjoy
i bought this dvd after watching jessica simpson's latest music video  " these boots are made for walkin' "  .  i thought her reality tour live will have some catchy songs and video but was very disappointed .  may be ok for those who just want to watch jessica sing
nick lachey and jessica simpson have a few good moments in the nick and jessica variety hour .  but the show looks too '70s in its premise ,  too donny and marie-ish in some parts and sonny and cher-in some others .   lachey's performance with babyface is nice .  how come babyface didn't produce nick's entire solo album instead of the batch of people nick went to that caused soul-o to flop ?   he would have given him some smooth stuff to sing to .  but having mr .  t and johnny bench and kenny rogers makes the show look ,  sadly ,  too 1983-ish .  how come they couldn't get somebody current to perform on it ,  say maroon 5 or kanye west ,  who were both hot last april ?  they wanted to bring back the variety show format ,  but it's very hard to do it in an internet age .   and jessica isn't all that good on this show .  i'd rather hear her music and albums instead .  they need to bring new things to the format if they're going to make another show .  for now ,  lachey and simpson would be better off doing their solo albums than wasteful junk like this !
i dont understand why they didnt put the videos in like when it was on tv .   the videos were the best part !   i asume its because mtv didn't want to pay royalties to the bands ,  so they called it the  " mike judge collection "  and left them out .   uh ,  that sucks
although  " deleted scenes "  are promised on the back cover of the box ,  there are no deleted scenes on the dvd .  instead there's a perfunctory  " documentary "  which interviews the cast and other creators ,  who recite a common litany of how much fun it was to make the film .  in this short segment there are a very few informal shots of the players that aren't in the film ,  but there are no deleted scenes in the normal usage of the term .  rather disappointing since the cast in audio commentary talks about seemingly dozens of neat scenes that  " hopefully will be in the dvd deleted scenes section .  "also ,  although the box promises  " 2 . 35 wide screen ,  "  the film is pan-and-scan and only slightly letterboxed at about a 1 . 85 to 1 ratio .  some of the scenes are annoying because of the missing portion of the image .also ,  it's not a gross teen comedy as the box copy suggests ,  more of a puppy-love romance with the  " four buddies "  comedy stuff as a sidebar .  which makes it potentially better ,  i guess ,  but it suffers from a lack of talent ,  especially in ventimiglia's acting and in the writing .  very anemic ;  not much here .  in the key scenes the players just hem and haw ,  since they're not given much to say .  kevin kirkpatrick ,  in a small part ,  is way beyond the rest of the cast in acting sophistication .  he draws a very perceptive portrait ;  extremely funny ,  but not a typical caricature ,  the most real character in the movie
i purchased this movie because i love chris cooper as an actor and because the reviews were very positive .   i played the movie yesterday and boy ,  was i disappointed .the movie was much too slow and boring .  i love mysteries and hate dramas therefore i thought the little personal stories throughout with flashbacks actually detracted from what i thought was going to be a good mystery story .   in the end the mystery is solved with a thud and don't get me started on the quasi luke & leia moment at the end .   please !
cesar milan ,  the so-called 'dog whisperer' ,  bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age .  he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status ,  and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are alpha .  this idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it .yes ,  dogs do have dominance roles ,  but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors .  dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work .  dog guards his food bowl ?  dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away .  dog pulls on the leash ?  dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up .  the dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha ;  he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants .technically ,  cesar's methods work .  but they use force ,  fear ,  and pain to teach the dog ,  when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques .  i have three hyper ,  active ,  highly driven border collies ,  and they're all very obedient and mannerly .  they don't haul me around the leash ,  nor do they leap at guests ,  nor do they ignore me when i tell them something .  and i don't need to be 'alpha' to get them that way ;  neither does anyone else .i strongly suggest that you don't buy this item .  good books to start with are karen pryor's 'getting started :  clicker training for dogs' ,  melissa alexander's 'click for joy ! '  ( also with a great problem solving section )  ,  and jean donaldson's 'the culture clash' .  you can easily have a happy ,  obedient ,  well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
you asked me to rate my transaction and/or the product i ordered .   the transaction apparently didn't take place ,  since i didn't receive the dvd that i ordered .   is that what you wanted to know
this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies i've ever seen .these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours .and for chrissake - he's not an american
i liked the shows when the 1st ran on tv ;  the unrated didn't quite live up to my expectations
this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen .   i knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way i was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing .   i was right ;  i fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it .   recently ,  i was offered the chance to watch it again .   i thought ,   " ok ,  i didn't see the whole thing ,  it might have gotten better ,  so i'll give it another chance .  "   .  .  .  bad mistake .   this little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long .   hidalgo is the name of the horse .   so what ?   that's about as boring as this movie .   so why the 1-star markup ?  cause the main character is played by viggo mortensen ,  of aragorn fame in the smash movie series the lord of the rings- and i do like viggo .   i did not ,  however ,  like this movie .   it's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that's exactly where this movie should be buried ,  never to bore another wave of audiences again .   if you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap ,  watch hidalgo ;  you'll be out in no time
great movie but cd not perfoming in the last few scenes .   it gets stuck or restarts itself .   very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new cd
this was not very good ,  in my opinion .  the ring scared the bejeezus outta me .  this was not scary .  two weeks afterwards ,  i still find my mind wandering about one thing .  .  . why the heck didn't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room ?  if i walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me ,  i'm gonna flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin
i love chazz p .  and i can see why he would want to give the other side of the castellano epic ,  but man is this movie boring .   castellano has to be one of the most uninvolved mobsters ever to take the reins of a crime family .   if you know the history of this guy ,  than you should agree ,  and if you don't ,  read some books about him .   as powerful as he was ,  he sure didn't know much about running a crime family as did his predecessors ,  which this film doesn't portray .   the film also has terrible actors portraying both sammy the bull and john gotti .   an insult at that .   if you like mafia movies and don't care about the history of its real-life characters than by all means watch it .   if you do ,  skip it ,  you'd be better off reading a book
i've been waiting for this season ,  literally ,  for years .   it contained  ( notice the past tense )  the funniest scene ever in the entire run of the show .   it was in the emergency clinic in the episode  " my sister ,  my sitter "  where the scene pans around showing the patients .   smithers appears holding an empty gerbil cage and is the only patient not sitting down .   when i first saw that ,  many years ago ,  i literally rolled off of the couch with laughter as my wife stared at me like i needed a padded room .   she didn't even understand the joke when i explained it as an alternate lifestyle practice of  " hiding "  the rodent so as to make sitting down more than a little uncomfortable .   this dvd cut has been cut and makes smithers reply about not letting lisa ahead of him make no sense .   one of my favorite things about the simpsons was that they didn't care who they offended .   well they went pc and now i'm highly offended !   if they hadn't messed with it i would give them 5 stars ,  or more realistically i wouldn't have bothered to write this review .   quit tampering with the show ,  fox !  !
update  ( jan 27 ,  2006 )  :i am still waiting for this 3-pack placed last october .  i have repeatedly asked the company to delete items listed on its website that it does not have .  i am glad that amazon has finally removed its original listing of this 3-pack  ( new )  from its website .jan 27 ,  2006i am still waiting for this 3-pack to be delivered for ,  initially ,  the thanksgiving holiday ,  followed by ,  as promised by representatives of amazon ,  christmas .  i doubt if amazon actually has this item for new year's day  ( 2006 )  .  forget to mention that i ordered it on oct 27 ,  2005 and today is dec 26 ,  2005 .p . s .i received another update this morning indicating that the item will not be shipped until jan 27 ,  2006 .  i am going to keep waiting until somebody admits that amazon does not have this item at all
therese ,  lux ,  mary ,  bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls ,  ages 13 ,  14 ,  15 ,  16 and 17 .  cecilia ,  the youngest ,  lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors .  as a cry for help ,  she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub ,  she survived the incident .  after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr .  and mrs .  lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age ,  mr .  and mrs .  lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party .  some of the neighborhood's boys are invited over and while the party is in session ,  cecilia is pretty inanimate ,  sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt ,  talk and laugh .  midway through the party ,  cecilia asks to be excused and mrs .  lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it .  cecilia goes up to her room  ( on the second floor of a two-story house )  and jumps out the window ,  landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house .  in this way ,  cecilia lisbon commited suicide .  only four girls remain .the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed .  the father saw her immediately ,  the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum .  four of the lisbon's neighbors ,  four young boys ,  suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls ,  who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world .  they got hold of cecilia's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide .  the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer ,  and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window ,  she thought she would fly .with their youngest sister gone ,  the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other ,  stranding themselves further from the outside world .  when school starts again ,  they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened ,  not ever mentioning their youngest sister .  the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however .  the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word  " death "  and the like .trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school ,  the object of desire to all of the girls at school .  .  .  except for the lisbon girls ,  which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux .  trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty .  in the beginning ,  he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she's not interested .  but after his consistent courtship ,  lux falls for his charming ways .  trip then attempts to convince mr .  lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming .  after mr .  lisbon talks to his wife ,  he agrees to trip's request ,  knowing nothing but trip's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions ,  on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew .after trip explains the situation to his football peers ,  he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely .  meanwhile ,  the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance .  though one pattern is used for all four dresses ,  each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail .  once they pick up the girls ,  they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke ,  lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke .they then drive to the dance .  trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol .  another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow ,  but leave soon afterwards ,  not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux .  at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew ,  they are all there .  .  .  except for trip and lux ,  who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field .  deciding they must make their own curfews ,  therese ,  bonnie ,  mary and their dates leave without them .  after fooling around ,  the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium .  trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone .  when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there .  she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick  ( of course )  .  but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence .the girls ,  in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world ,  begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives .  one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls .  soon following ,  the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone .  one day ,  the girls invite the boys to come over once mr .  and mrs .  lisbon are asleep .  the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere ,  the boys hastily agree .  they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car .  the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese ,  bonnie and mary ,  verbally expressing their hopes for the night .  but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters .  she had hung herself .  the boys ,  scared to death ,  run all the way home .  time passed ,  things changed ,  girls came and went .  .  .  but no matter what ,  those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides .ultimately ,  the movie was nothing short of queer .  when trying to sum up the story in a few lines  ( such as  " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors .  a story full of obsession ,  gossip ,  lust ,  love ,  desire and isolation .  "  )  the story sounds quite unique and intriguing ,  but the story fell short of that for me personally .  partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation .  the movie ,  in places ,  is also extremely flawed .  i do not believe mr .  and mrs .  lisbon could've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services .  in many parts of the movie ,  they should've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences .  the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored .  i would only suggest this film to ,  perhaps ,  people who like movies such as  " elizabethtown "  which kirsten dunst is also in .  but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
i thought that this movie would be pretty interesting .  the previews for it made it seem like it was funny .  i however found it very boring in parts and sort of stupid .  the charactors were either over the top or fall asleep dull with very little middle ground .  also the running time was too long ,  it says it was just a little over 2 hours ,  but to me it felt like much more
if you are willing to risk to watch this movie ,  just a warning :  it's really a turkey ,  one of the big ones .  .
this is a surprisingly poor movie .  although it has some well-known actors ,  and a notable director ,  the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night tv-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up .the movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings  ( though legitimate in many cases )  .  it also glosses over the grieving process of the family ,  ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child ,  overdoes kiefer sutherland's character flaws  ( which are considerable nevertheless )  ,  and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title .in one particularly-bad scene ,  after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically ,  sally's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at keifer's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her .i don't know what i missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much .  i only see wide-spread mediocrity .i would only recommend this for fans of keifer .   " ssssssorry "  ,  sally ,  not your best role or movie .  ditto ed harris ,  whose other movies i generally like .
this show is so boring all it's about is poltics .  what was hbo thinking having the one of the oddest shows out ,  it doesn't play no background music even when it's going off .  and all the people do on that show is argue like petie little children ,  in one episode i found very shocking to hear was from a blond hair woman saying the two oldest sons of saddam hussian that died they made their bodies into make up she said it's so  ( queer eye for the straite guy )  and another episode she call a gay a fag ,  i didn't know she had that in her .  what i found weird was why would actor george clooney would talk what the show is all about during previews ,  he has nothing to do with political things .  thank god  " k-street "  never did get a second season
poor lindsay lohan - it seems between bad choices in films and even worse choices in real life ,  she may be about to destroy her career before it even takes off .   as an actress ,  she is falling into some very rough waters where she is expected to carry films on her shoulders before she has even had a chance to mature in her craft .   as a child actress ,  she was a natural fit for her spate of disney appearances ,  with freaky friday her crowning achievment .   however ,  as a young adult ,  the pressure is much higher ,  as is the bar of success .   and movies like this are not helping .but to be fair ,  one cannot place the blame on ms .  lohan .   the fact is ,  she has already had a turn in a non-disney role which paid off exquisitely .   mean girls offered us the first glimpse of lindsay in a post-disney world .   the timing was on ,  the interaction with the cast was superb ,  and everything just fell into place .   but then again ,  that film also benefitted from a knockout script by a knockout writer  ( tina fey )  .   just my luck has none of these things going for it .perhaps ironically ,  ms .  lohan's latest vehicle is quite an unlucky choice for her .   we have a promising premise in the concept of a boy and girl with opposing luck .   lohan is lucky ,  chris pine is not .   inevitably through the courses of movie magic ,  we know that the two will end up trading places  ( much like eddie murphy and dan akroyd once did in  .   .   .  what was the name of that movie again ?  )   the only mystery for the viewer is whether this will occur through a wise old asian or a wise old gypsy .   ( spoiler - it's the gypsy !  ok ,  i know ,  i shouldn't be giving these things away !  )   like i said ,  we all know this is going to happen .   what we didn't know was that it was going to take thirty-five minutes to get there !   so ,  we kill one full third of the movie being bombarded with example after example of lohan's good luck and pine's bad luck .   by the time they make the switch ,  i had already lost interest and was planning my lunch .after the predictable bout of sudden bad luck ,  lohan learns that an ill-timed kiss with mr .  pine was what caused the change of fortune .   problem is ,  the kiss was at a masquerade party ,  and she doesn't know whom she kissed .   what follows is perhaps the film's only somewhat enjoyable sequence as lohan tracks down and ambushes 20 strangers with sudden and embarassingly public kisses trying to get her luck back .sadly ,  this brief bright spot ends too quickly ,  and it is back to the formula as lohan and pine meet and fall in love anyway ,  not knowing that they are the ones who caused each other's luck to change .   if predictable hook-ups make you happy ,  you might find some charm in this final third of the film - that is if you can overlook the sudden need for lohan's best friend to become a song-writer in what was obviously a  " what do we do with the final act ?  "  tacked-on storyline with positively no set-up beforehand .the problem with this film is that it comes across as very  " slapped-together "   ( to borrow from mad tv ,  it was  " just made in ten days )  .   is the director to blame ?   while donald petrie has a few hits to his name  ( miss congenialty ,  grumpy old men ,  and mystic pizza )  he also has more than a few duds  ( the associate ,  welcome to mooseport ,  my favorite martian )  .or perhaps it is the writing team ?   to date ,  the two credited writers have yet to muster up a single true hit ,  and one gets the sense that a more competent writing team would have taken a better direction with the plot and have not wasted the obvious talent that ms .  lohan does in fact possess .   personally ,  i would have liked to have seen the producers take a risk and make lohan a much more loathsome character to begin with than she is .   her character comes off as too nice to hate ,  and yet too shallow to root for .whoever is to blame ,  this is clearly a sub-par effort at best ,  and one i hope lindsay  ( or her casting agent )  will learn from .   with four movies coming down the pike ,  she still has a shot at transitioning into a much more serious career .   i like that she has taken smaller ensemble roles recently  ( such as prairie home companion and bobby )  .   a very smart play on her part .   let's hope she can steer clear of just my luck roles for awhile
i like pauley shore i have seen him in other movies that i liked so i made the mistake of buying the jury duty video because i liked in the army now and bio-dome and assumed i would like this too ,  well i learned my lesson well and i learned it the hard way and wasted my money and i have learned to never assume i will like a movie because i liked the actor in another movie and from now on i will rent the movie first !  jury duty simply was just plain awful with it's weak ,  boring plot and unfunny humor !  in the army now and bio-dome were a lot funnier ,  and if you want to kick back ,  relax and laugh your  [ backside ]  off than watch those movies
a french coming-of-age art film that i rented while on vacation .   despite rave reviews all over the packaging ,  this story of two moody teenage girls growing apart as sexuality enters their lives seemed pretty slow and predictable ,  even a bit tedious .   jet lag set in and we gave up two-thirds of the way through the film ,  and took it back the next day .  in all fairness ,  this is probably a fine film if you're in the mood for serious art ,  but i found it a bit dreary
well what can i say about this movie ?  well one thing is :  it wasn't what i'd expected .  those who'd seen the movie before told me it was bore and had absolutely nothing to it but i still wanted to see it .  i was wrong and they were right .the movie is about a zebra named marty who wants to go to `the wild' ,  bring in a lion called alex who is self obsessed ,  a hippo named gloria who is overprotective and a giraffe named melman who need psychiatric care .marty escapes the zoo to go on an overnight holiday while his friends overreact and try to `help' him ,  but four get pinned in manhattan as ferocious beasts and are shipped back to africa .  along the way boat is hijacked by the penguins  ( who are the cutest characters besides the two chimps )  and get stranded in madagascar ,  meeting a dumb bunch of lemurs .  that's basically the whole movie in a nutshell .  the group fight ,  alex returns to his lion instincts and they get back on the boat .  end of story .the entire look of the 3d animation was terrible as well .  they should have continued with shrek 3 instead of making this movie .  it's pointless to watch .the most interesting thing in the entire dvd was the `penguins christmas caper' ,  which wasn't the short movie itself ,  but the man who played patrick from spongebob squarepants is the polar bear .for those of you planning to buy this dvd ,  stay away .  it's a huge rip off .  it's just something to keep you waiting for shrek 3
i just watched this movie version of the classic childrens' book with my wife .   here are my gut impressions :first ,  very little is true to the book .   that's not really a gut impression .   that's the impression i got hearing my wife say  " that's not in the book .  .  . that's not in the book .  .  .  "actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling .   it makes for beautiful stills and pictures ,  and those made me want to see the movie .i expected a heart warming christmas story ,  and what i got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why i'm watching .   you get to see .  .  .a kid chasing a ticket through a train ,a kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train ,a ticket making its way through the forest -- rube goldberg style -- back to the train ,( forty minutes into this movie and one girl's train ticket is the star of the show !  )ok ,  the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have .  .  .a train sliding out of control on the ice ,a train trying to outrun cracks on the ice ,a train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster  ( fans of the  " coaster tycoon "  series of computer games will feel right at home )  until finally it arrives at the north pole .then ,  the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have .  .  .a train car running out of control through santa's village ,kids getting lost in the christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory ,  and then .  .  .kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to santa's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf .   ho ho ho .at least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so i can help these kids out !   it's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion .   you know it's awful but you can't look away !and ,  you'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this .   it could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up .   my wife and i were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons ,  and we were very glad that we didn't .so ,  what could have been a classic ,  enduring ,  and endearing compliment to a classic childrens' christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume .   two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that doesn't advance the story or develop the characters one bit .   whatever a  " character driven "  story is ,  this is the opposite .   never have i seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little .i'd rather set up my old american flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while i read the book to my kids .
i looked at the name  ( groovaloos )  and i looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not to get this dvd .  i went against my gut and believed the reviews ;  i wish i'd listened to my gut .  for those of you who think it looks and sounds a little hokey ,  you're right on the money .  they can all dance ,  but compared to what i expected ,  they seemed mediocre .  here's the lowdown :   ( 1 )  the sound sucks - they're in a city park and you can hear the instructions fine ,  but the music isn't loud enough to really  " feel "  something that makes you want to move ,   ( 2 )  they just seem like a group of people who don't naturally have a rhythm ,  but they've learned some moves ;  it's so not inspiring ,   ( 3 )  it's not edgy enough ,  and  ( 4 )  it looks good if you've got a group doing it ,  but when someone's doing it alone ,  it's just okay .  overall ,  this dvd was okay ,  but not great .  get it only if you're truly desperate
personally ,  i can't see this movie for dust .  in fact ,  i find it extremely annoying .  the only video worse than this one is  " monty python and the holy grail .  "  yecch !napoleon dynamite ,  no offense to the actor ,  literally puts me to sleep .  i don't mind his friend pedro ,  and i also don't mind his brother  ( the dude with the glasses )  or his grandmother ,  or even his irksome uncle ,  but napoleon himself is as dull as dishwater .  if they'd only take his character out ,  i'd probably enjoy this movie a little better .
the dvd for &quot ; the golden coach&quot ;  is for the most part fine ,  but the final minutes ,  which are crucial to the full impact of the film ,  are ruined by deplorable mastering .  the scene appears to be out of focus and the colors are washed out to the point of barely being able make out what is happening .  i believe criterion made some kind of mastering error ,  because martin scorsese's introduction to the film explicitly refers to the wonderful restored ending of the film .  criterion should withdraw the dvd and offer a replacement
those who describe this story as  " cute "  and joon as  " quirky "  aren't paying attention .  for me ,  this movie was a trip through hell with a final destination of insanity .  the writers slickly throw just enough whitewash on top to let most people ignore the darkness .  yes ,  depp is great ,  given what he has to work with ,  but overall i am very sorry that i was subjected to this horribly stupid ,  insensitive movie
i didn't find this dvd too bad to watch ,  but i wouldn't watch it again .  it had tons of good artists but i dont wanna have to sit down and watch a whole bunch of interviews .  i think this dvd needed a lot more action of rappers on the streets or somethin ,  just my opinion
this is entertainment ?  wow ,  exactly how much of your brain has been damaged by fat
i've loved this movie ever since i saw it on cbs years ago so i was really excited to own it on dvd .  unfortunately the experience was ruined when i discovered that there are big sound problems on the second disc .  loud popping sounds completely cover up the dialogue in an entire scene .  i was very dissapointed .the movie is great but the sound problems aren't worth the purchase .  stay away
yes ,  this is a supernatural psycological thriller .  .  .  but far from a good one as far as i'm concerned .i love these kinds of stories and i went to see this film with a lot of excitement .  .  .  first because it has a interesting subject .  second because it has a great actor .  i thought denzel washington would never associate himself with a bad script .  .  .  but i was wrong .but denzel is always top notch .  the rest isn't .by now you already know the story .  a good detective .  .  .  a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch .  .  .  the hunt .  .  .  blah blah blah .  .  .  .the script is idiot from page one .the killer  ( as we will see as the story develops )  travels by simple touch .  so .  .  .  excuse me .  .  .  why doesn't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed ?  ?  ?  i mean .  .  .  the guy is sooo powerful  ( and mobile )  that i find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place .but .  .  .  ok .  .  .  let's give the screenwriters a break .somewhere in the middle of the film ,  the demon enters a cat .  ok .  .  .  so he can enter all kinds of animals .  fine .later on ,  the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon ,  he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around .  his brilliant idea :  the forest .  full of animals .was i the only one who did not know the ending before it came ?  ?  ?  ?want more ?in an interesting twist ,  the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on .  .  .  his own brother .  and no one will believe the truth !  how is he gonna get out of such a mess ?  ?  ?in the world of storytelling ,  there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation :  either the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know !   ( and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything .  .  .  )  or something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil  ( despite the fact that there was a way out )  .first line of solution :  die hard ,  the fugitive .second line of solution :  s7ven ,  chinatown .we have none of that here .instead we have an evil god against a simple man  ( great starter for drama ,  right ?  )   .  .  . but the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker .  .  .  and the demon gets stronger and stronger .  .  .  to the point where we get the fact that the demon is invincible long before he actually wins .  and the great turnaround never comes .obviously we all hope he will be defeated .  .  .  and that's why i kept myself seated all through the film .  .  .  because if there was a way out .  .  .  it would be brilliant .  if the character dropped the towel .  .  .  it would be thought provoking to say the least .but no .  .  .  the ending was easy and predictable .  the screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions .  he wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under  " the story ends bad "  label .  without any depth .every villain has a weak point .  it is up to the hero to explore it  ( may he loose or win )  .  the only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data .  we have the data the moment the demon enters a cat .  that's why we know how's gonna end .what about the girl who helps denzel ?  what about his nephew ?  shouldn't they be part of the ending too ?  don't come with the  " this is an open-ending "  kind of talk !do i sense a smell of desire for a sequel ?quick !  gas masks !  !  !  !  or .  .  .  as a . c . doyle would write :   " quick ,  dr .  watson ,  the needle !  "despite a stupid screenplay .  denzel is always great .
" legal eagles "  is supposed to be a comedy .  we're supposed to find the characters played by robert redford and debra winger to be amusing ,  their acrimonious relationship to be hilarious ,  and the way that they end up being partners despite all of the gibes to be romantically satisfying .the problem is that the movie is too dumb to be taken seriously ,  and thus too dumb to be funny .briefly ,  the story takes place in new york .  robert redford is an assistant district attorney about to be promoted to be the da .  debra winger is a defense attorney ,  and daryl hannah is a young woman with emotional problems ,  and is debra winger's client .  the plot involves a fire 20 years ago ,  when daryl hannah was eight ,  a fire that killed her artist father and purportedly destroyed a large number of his paintings .  this experience left daryl hannah traumatized ,  but all is not as it seems ,  and now ,  20 years later ,  daryl hannah is first accused of attempted theft and later of murder .unfortunately ,  the plot involves many elements that simply don't make sense .  i won't go into detail ,  but roger ebert does a good job of listing four different major things that make the plot completely unbelievable .as well as the story being dumb i found some of the scenes that were supposed to be funny to be anything but .for example ,  robert redford is a weekend father to a teenage daughter .  at one point his ex-wife threatens to go to court to prevent him from seeing their daughter .  robert redford makes a telephone call to his ex-wife's home and starts an angry monologue of threats about how he'll take her apart in court .  then he realizes that he's actually talking to his daughter !  this mistake is apparently supposed to be hilarious .  ha ,  ha .in another scene robert redford and debra winger are together and see one of the bad guys .  robert redford takes off on foot to try to catch him .  debra winger ,  who doesn't know how to drive a car ,  feels it necessary for her to jump into robert redford's car and try to follow him .  she makes a wrong turn and finds herself going the wrong way into traffic on a wide heavily trafficked street .  there follows one minute of her frantically dodging cars at the last moment .  very funny .  ha ,  ha ,  ha .this movie could have been a fairly good romantic thriller if they had fixed the plot and not tried to be a comedy .  but the dumb plot and the unfunny attempts at comedy make it a complete waste of time .rennie peterse
what a disappointment !   every time it gets hot ,  it cuts straight to the end .   the movie is entirely foreplay !  !
my friend bought this set and so i was able to view it before purchasing it myself ,  and i won't be purchasing it .  i had seen the long ,  long trailer before and it was one of the most aggrivating movies i have ever seen ;  one of those films where you can't believe 2 people could be so dumb to do some of the things they do .  we enjoy most of the i love lucy series ,  but there is a point where you can only take so much of those shows ;  the aggrivating ones ,  and this film was just an overly long aggrivating i love lucy episode .  there is funny humor and aggrivating  " humor "  and this was definitely the 2nd type .yes ,  it was interesting to see lucy and desi doing films together ,  but overall these films are just tolerable ,  and none are ones i would rewatch for enjoyment .  too many girls was definitely a b picture ,  really really bad in so many ways .  .  . poorly written script ,  cheap scenery ;  you never got the feeling they were in college ,  except at the football game ,  which seemed so similar to the football game the marx brothers participated in in horse feathers !  too much partying ,  singing ,  dancing ;  what was this school majoring in ,  theatre and opera ?   it just is a really bad picture .  yes ,  neat to see lucy and desi and how they met ,  and see them so young together ,  but otherwise ,  a real time waster in my mind .  the funniest thing on this disc was the cartoon extra !of the three ,  forever ,  darling is probably the best but again that seemed  " lacking "  somewhere .  the color was that beautiful almost surreal 50's color that i like .  the yosemite scenery was beautiful too .  but i think the angel stuff could have been much better developed ;  he was out of the scene too long at times .  the part i liked best was lucy imagining herself in the movie with james mason because it was quite funny .  but the camping trip was just a very predictable mishap time that was too much in the i love lucy mold and i was bored with it quickly .i know die hard fans of lucy and desi will buy this no matter what ,  and that's fine .  but for others ,  i advise you see them first .  .  . you may like them ,  but then you may see them for what they really are cinematically .  there are lots better movies out there that i would rather buy !  i rate these 2 stars ;  one star to me is  " torturous "  to watch .  these aren't that bad ,  but almost .
the movie title itself says a lot ,  the movie itself is a total scam ,  fools people to rent or to watch it .  a horrible directing ,  script and performance .  you'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package !  !  !  !  !  ! amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens !however .  .  .  .  . larry bird is the man and dont ever forget that
this movie makes me want to vomit .  watching bio-dome is physically painful to the overwhelming majority of people
this is the most tedious ,  unfunny ,  overrated movie of all time .   it's interesting that this is from the same man who produced spaceballs ,  which was actually rather humorous  ( though also quite tedious at times )  .   i'll always be at a loss to understand why people think it's so funny .   his utter lack of subtlety is terrible to behold
" in good company "  goes on and on at the end a little bit ,  and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise .   if it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did ,  i would give it three stars instead of two .i admit there were quite a few times when i laughed a bit to myself ,  but it didn't make me fall off the couch or anything .  there were other times when i thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced .overall it isn't an entirely bad movie ,  but ,  like i said ,  the ending is unfulfilling .   overall not strong performances coming from scarlett johansson or topher grace
" con express "  has lots of action in it ,  which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters .  unfortunately ,  the action isn't enough ,  and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs ,  the audience is tempted to doze off .  city heat productions isn't really known for producing films of the highest quality ,  so usually i go easy on them .  if this were a big-budget company producing this ,  i'd be inclined to pan it entirely .  but i wasn't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for .  the action is ,  for the most part ,  pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie .  flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted ,  but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie .  vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals .  the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 ,  con air ,  spy game ,  and speed .  if you liked those ,  you probably won't mind this one too much .  just go easy on it
a tribute is defined as  " a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude ,  respect ,  or admiration .  "   that is what you have here .but ,  if you want a true picture of that incredible morning ,  don't waste your time and money ,  look elsewhere
i have never been a demi moore fan ,  but this movie is even worse than i imagined it would be .  my kids picked it up in the videotheque .  i decided to give it a fair chance and watched it together with them .  demi's acting is rather passionless ,  poor and disconnected .  she looks old too  !  she doesn't succeed at all in portraying a woman who is ravaged by the loss of her only child and by her own stupid fault and selfishness too .  after just eight months after the tragedy she wanders off to some remote spot in scotland to write a new novel .  yeah ,  sure .  that's what i would do after losing my only child .  i probably would be in utter shock for another 200 years or so .  after five minutes you don't care at all what happens to her and what fate befalls her .  you can see the few twists and turns in the plot coming miles before they happen .  and all the illogical things start to get annoying very quickly .  a guy who is alone on an island for years who doesn't know how to cook a fish and succeeds in burning it .  and who puts the spare key to his home out in the open on the sill above the door in a place that is battered by gales almost weekly .  a mobile phone that functions in the middle of nowhere .  i expected a film with supernatural elements ,  but boy did i get fooled .  some of the photography and scenery was acceptable ,  but the cgi generated images of the lighthouse were done rather poorly .  alas ,  not a film that i can recommend to anyone .
trying to make a film concerning studio 54 for a mainstream audience is a really bad idea .  it's just not possible to do it and actually stay truthful to the climate of that era .  gays had a lot more influence on that scene than the film lets on .  from what i understand ,  the original director's cut was gutted by miramax before the film was released it and it shows .  other than mike meyers portrayal of steve rubell ,  there's hardly a gay character in sight .  there's some very good actors in the film and their talents are simply wasted .  thank goodness the good music helped me get through this drivel .  anyone with a taste for fine filmmaking need not bother with this cinematic mistake
this is the worst version of 'wuthering heights' i have ever seen .  please ,  if you are a fan of emily bronte's classic ,  don't waste your time on this movie .   i don't know how anyone could try out for a part in a movie without reading the book it was based off of first .   ( none of the actors read the novel .  )  instead ,  try seeing the 1939 or 1992 version ,  they are worth your time and money
trinity collection is a bootleg .  picture is extremly poor .  3 movies for $10 .  too bad ,  i like trinity ,  she's cute .  ooops ,  wrong trinity .  .
actually not going to be kind .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  what a load of rubbish
this program was boring !  as much as billy tried to keep the kid on the program motivated ,  about 10 minutes into the workout they were showing how bored they were ,  and of course my kids at home ,  and i'm sure any other kid picked up on this ,  and soon lost interest .several things made this program boring :one ,  you can't understand a thing billy is saying ,  he would mumble unclear phrases thoughout the entire program ,  and his demeanor was very un-natural ,  to the point of being fake .  he just looked & sounded very out of place working with kids .  it came across like he & his crew weren't really sure how to interact with the kids ,  making them appear to be very fake .  another boring point was the movements ,  there was absolutely no creativity here ,  these were some of the exact same movements from the adult tae-bo videos .  now ,  i do applaud billy for slowing the movements down  ( unlike the adult tae-bo which goes at a break neck pace )  ,  these movements are performed in a controlled manner .  but ,  they are still adult type movements ,  and extremely boring for kids .  i would have liked to have seen some creativity with these movements to make them more kid friendly ,  and more exciting !to be honest my kids were turned off & bored with this program after the first 10 minutes .  something billy needs to realize is ,  kids are smarter than people give them credit for being .  - they can tell when someone is being fake & not truly having fun ,  and they also realize that when kids on t . v .  are bored & not having fun ,  then this isn't something they want to do .  kids want to have fun ,  and want to watch the instructor & other kids having fun .  that is how you motivate children
rather than give another general review as others have kindly done ,   my review focuses on one aspect of the film ,  indeed one character ,  that of martha .martha dunstock is known throughout the film as martha dumptruck .  even the film credits include the nickname `dumptruck' besides the character's surname  ( evidently feeling the need to labour the point )  .  portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given ,  she unwittingly provides the slater character with information enabling him to murder a student .  later ,  when the cult status of the `suicides'  ( that is ,  murdered students )  becomes apparent ,  martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic .  but her attempt is shown as a failure .  at the end of the film martha is bruised and now disabled ,  in an electric wheelchair .  ryder's character ,  having finished her voyage of self-realisation ,  rejects the school prom night and instead invites martha to stay in with a video and popcorn .  martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show ryder walking along the corridor while martha encircles her like a planet around the sun .the image of martha in her wheelchair ,  an object of pity for ryder and for the audience ,  signifies to us fears of being different ,  of not being beautiful ,  of not being loved and respected .  martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming .  she is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker .  and though some of us in the audience may be fat ,  or disabled ,  or both ,  we may yet still fear martha ,  and are invited to consider ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own ,  even is in physical and social reality ,  we are more like martha .for this reason ,  `heathers' fails as an exploration of the `hell' of high school  (  a description often used by buffy/angel/ firefly's joss whedon )  .  those in the audience not as thin and complying with western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists  ( probably the majority of us )  ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow ,  leaving a bitter after-taste .  the way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable ,  transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers .  sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the western world decided to wage a 'war on fat'  ( to quote paul campos )  - and even at best it is lazy film-making .
i just finished re-reading the book ;  it is a masterpiece .  i wish i could say the same for the bbc series .  for one ,  the musical score is either absent or irritating .  so much of what is compeling in the book goes on inside of the characters .  how about voice-overs or something else  ( music ?  )  ?  let the audience in on the torment and conflict of raskolnikov  ( the main character )  and interplay of the characters that is so powerful in the book .  what i saw was an acceptable theatrical production on film .  i've written much more but it's unfortunately been truncated .  simply read the book instead or view this and know that this pales before the book .  this is a dreary protrayal .
first off ,  i am a huge pixar fan .  in november in '95 i took my company to see toy story and within 6 months of that showing i got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film .  i've seen every pixar film at least 5o times .  nuff said .anyway ,  i liked the film cars .  .  but not as much as other pixar flicks .  .  its still good .  .however ,  the dvd is underwhelming :  a )  no commentary b )  horrible deleted scenes c )  not much in extras .  the route 66 mini-documentary is ok though .  .this dvd is about as bad as the first release of a bug's life .  .  another skimpy release on dvd .  .finally ,  they didn't include a tribute to joe ranft .  .  that's a huge crime in itself .
jennifer love hewitt needs to fire her manager .  i've yet to see her in a truly good role .  those terrible know what you did last summer movies ,  garfield ,  heartbreakers ,  if only ,  and many others weren't exactly memorable roles .  the truth about love doesn't help bump her in that direction either .  not that i was expecting oscar-quality when i looked at the back of the box ,  seeing a picture of her in a leather corset ,  i wasn't going off of words to know that i was slightly interested in the movie .  i've owned it for a few months now ,  and only recently got around to seeing it if only because my girlfriend watched it in the other room while my friend and i were in the other room playing games .  she kept coming out every 5 minutes ,  and i could tell that she wasn't that interested .  after giving in and watching it with her ,  i now wish we had all played resident evil 4 instead .after what has to be one of the most annoying  " sweet "  introductions ,  we learn that a man has mailed a valentine letter to his friend's wife ,  alice ,  supposedly by accident .  yeah ,  real smooth .  when alice gets it ,  she assumes it's from her husband ,  sam ,  and sends him a hot letter as well .  he gets it ,  thinking it's from another woman ,  and the problems ensue .  he starts to hide the letter from her ,  and with that in mind ,  she tests his loyalty to her .  she texts his phone anonymously with some of the dirtiest things hewitt's done in recent memory .  but as it turns out ,  sam does have a mistress ,  and things get more complicated .  you know what ?  the entire movie's boring up until 3/4 through .  you're better off just reading the back of the box for the plot summary ,  then skipping to scene 9 or 10 .  and that's one of the cons i had with the truth about love- the time it takes to build up to what's an actually good conclusion with sam's anonymous admirer doesn't seem like it's worth it at first .  but i'll admit ,  alice's plan to bust sam was a good one ,  though she gets a harsh slap of reality once everything's over .the key problem with the movie is probably that it takes place in england ,  and jennifer love hewitt's forced to take on one of the worst accents i've ever heard .  there were a few times when i thought that they hired a voice actor to dub over her lines- it doesn't sound like her ,  and mouth movements often don't match lines .  and that's funny considering the majority of the cast is from the uk .  then comes the unbelievable part about a guy cheating on a woman of jennifer love hewitt's stature .  there's no way in hell that could ever happen unless the guy is mentally challenged  ( ie- carson daly )  .  the kicker is that sam's mistress is a woman who looks to be in her 40s ,  and pales to hewitt in any physical category .  and how about that archie guy ?  he's in 3 important scenes at most .  all the other times we see him involve he and sam's court room scenes which i have to say ,  are some of the most boring attempts at forced humor .  in fact ,  the trial doesn't even have a connection to the central plot aside from showing that sam and archie are friends and partners .  alice's friend is also a complete hussy ,  and seems like she didn't make the cut of being on sex and the city .  finally ,  guys ,  i'm sorry to tell you this ,  but there are no scenes of nudity here aside from when alice visits an adult movie store .  though the best we get from hewitt is her in a corset ,  it's only for a few collective seconds .  the love scene is kind of laughable too when she's wearing that ridiculous wig .  even right now ,  i still have mixed feelings about the movie .  just when something completely stupid happens ,  something decent does right after it .this is some of the worst picture quality i've seen in a while .  the transfer looks terrible .  even watching it on my hd monitor ,  there were tons of errors .  grain ,  artifacts ,  and something new .  i almost want to call it rippling- many scenes are out of alignment ,  and we get a watery effect that takes over the entire picture .  i can't explain it in full detail ,  but more or less ,  people's faces and bodies would look all twisted every couple of seconds .  it stays for most of the first fifth of the movie ,  then is only occasional after that .  but then there's blocking and many more problems that make up for it .  you'd think with a direct to dvd release ,  they could at least get something right .  the audio fares a little better ,  but everything's weird once again .  while you can hear the audio just fine ,  it's almost too loud at times ,  and incredibly ,  all the actors' lines look like they're dubbed- especially jennifer's .  this becomes very obvious halfway through the movie when archie yells at sam .  the camera is behind archie so we can see the back of his head talking to sam ,  but when he yells ,  his mouth doesn't open .special features ?  none .  though the box tries to claim that a chapter selection ,  previews ,  spanish subtitles ,  close captioning and dolby 5 . 1 are special features ,  we all know better than to fall for that .  at the very least i expected some behind the scenes interviews or something with everyone going on about how great it was to work on a movie bound for failure .is there any reason to buy the truth about love ?  not at all .  i guess that phrase  " low expectations lead to better results "  does ring true for it .  i just wish the director ,  writers and actors had put a little more effort into everything .  but you know the funny thing ?  i'll bet twenty bucks that this thing gets remade in a year or two with a-list actors  ( sorry jennifer )  ,  and finds success after they rewrite all the boring parts .  even as a date movie ,  there are many better ones out there .  might i suggest shaun of the dead
a dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the us and abroad .  i was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting .  i enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen ,  but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target ,  i think it's just a shame .the whole cast was pretty much of latin america origin ,  but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight .  the plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many .
this film is one of the worst i've ever seen .  amatuerish in dialogue ,  acting ,  plot direction etc etc .  .  .  . sure it's bubblegum for late at night but it's really breathtakingly awful
wow .   it's rare i consider a movie absolutely horrendous ,  but this one qualifies .   we are given absolutely no reason whatsoever to care for this guy ,  and halfway through this tedious excuse for a movie ,  i found myself yelling  " die already "  .   when he doesn't kill himself in the end ,  all i wanted to do was shove him face down in the ocean and drown him .   a dumb stupid awful  " indie "  movie that is a waste of film ,  time and effort
i love jeff goldblum ,  but he didn't carry this film .  the film was ruined for me the second julane moore  ( yuck !  )  and the ridiculous ,  lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film .  it's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter .  what a concept .  it just added to the disbelief of the characters  ( stay goldblum )  ,  the storyline ,  and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel .  jurassic park iii wasn't much better
okay ,  i own a britney album or two .  but the girl really let herself go .  .  .  she should have stayed in school ,  instead of the mickey mouse club .  or at least beauty school .  .  .  or something ,  then she might have known that the hair she has now is hideous .  i know i'm not the only one who thinks she's turing into trailer trash .  .  except ,  she's got money .  that hair ?  her clothes ?  and lets face it guys ,  she was putting on weight way before she got pregnant .  .  fashion senses aside .  .  she's really more idiotic ,  that chaotic .  .  she's got this princess in distress act that only her die hard fans can't see through .  .  i saw her in concert once ,  yeh i admit it .  paid for me and a friend to go .  was gonna go see the onyx hotel tour too ,  just because .  .  but when i saw it on showtime ,  i was so glad she canceled the tour and i got my money back .  her vocals were horrible ,  and it was so bad when mtv picked it up and they were obviously doctored .  .  she has absolutely no talent whatsoever .  .  and her vision is incredibly lacking .  .  .  her bland personality and complete naiivity and idiotic behavior makes itself evident in this show that isn't even bareable for a minute .  .  .i'd rather drag myself through glitter ,  or madonna's latest tour doc than sit through a single episode of idiotic .i'm not a jessica simpson fan really .  .  but newlyweds was hillarious ,  i loved that show .  .  go for that instead of chaotic if you're looking for something like that .  .  .no doubt ,  however ,  if you are a britney fan .  .  .  you'll end up with this anyway .  .  the whole brainless lot of you .   ( at least mariah fans can say their girl can sing .  .  and at least madonna fans can say their lady knows how to put on a fantastic show .  .  britney .  .  well ,  she used to be pretty .
i'm a fan of audrey hepburn and this movie relys heavily - too heavily on her charm .   and unfortunately ,  it is some of her worst acting work ,  posey ,  sing-song ,  and superficial .   now ,  if you've read her bio ,  and know what was going on with her and holden ,  that could explain it ,  but still ,  this film is very static .like most heburn films ,  a highlight is her clothes ,  her style ,  her self .   this film self-consciously relys on this when the script itself could simply have been better .   there are some very fun cameos by big performers that raise moments here .   this film would have benefited greatly by a better comic actress in the lead .   jayne mansfield could have been a hoot in this ,  thelma ritter too ,  in a very different way ,  somebody with less style and more off beat snap ,  crackle ,  and pop .    ( thelma ritter and william holden paired in a romantic comedy .  .  .  i'm all ready laughing !  )before i hit this too harshly ,  this film was intended to be a trifle ,  the kind of movie that has bright colors and light plot for a hot summer day that sizzles .   for that ,  it is adequate .the remake ,  alex and emma suffers very much from the same problems .   they actually improved the script ,  and gave the leading lady room to make some very wacky choices ,  but both films seem to have suffered from  " settling for a star "  when a less mainstream ,  more zany actress was needed .   ok ,  this doesn't stink .  .  . it has audrey ,  but it certainly doesn't sizzle
throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 ,  including fusion ,  free jazz ,  and everything thereafter .  marsalis actually calls cecil taylor's music  " self-indulgent bullsh** "  apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film .  how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual  ( but more likely agenda-driven )  on pbs ,  i will never understand .  if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz ,  you will love this series .  if you think coltrane is a god ,  you get five minutes' summary .  so lets see here :  15 hours on louis armstrong and duke ,  5 minutes on coletrane ,  and a total didmissal of everything after duke's death .  reminds me of the republisuck's  " fair and balanced "  nonsense .  pbs ,  this is your wake-up call .  stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ain't in a museum .  just ask the artists  ( most of whom are alive )  whom burns left out .  metheny ,  you out there
i watched this movie all the way through only because i paid $22 . 00 plus shipping and felt i should give it every chance to redeem itself .  it is a stinker and if there were minus number ratings i would give it -10 !  !  rated  " r "  for what ?  language ?  adult content ?  i have seen disney films more deserving of the  " r "  rating .  this movie was silly ,  definitely not entertaining in any way and i threw it in the same bucket i put my dog's crap in when i clean up the yard .  i am a chris isaak fan ,  have all his cds and went to his concert on december 9 .  the fact that he would associate himself with this garbage has changed my view of him and unfortunately ,  even his music .  i did not find the film offensive ,  i enjoy hard core porn .  i feel this is a rip off ,  poorly done in all aspects and highly do not recommend it to anyone !  !  !
i never saw the series on tv so when it came out on dvd ,  i was excited ,  remembering the magazine from when i was a kid and being a fan of ilc ,  snl ,  and comedy itself .   i am also known for finding various comic styles funny where others don't .   i write this review now as i am trying to watch the third disc .   i got the dvd the first day it came out and i have to watch every dvd i get ,  even if i saw it before .   regardless to say ,  i only broke a smurk once throughout the first 2 1/2 discs .   i even tried watching parts of the disc when i was having a great day and even when i was not in the greatest of moods .   i was in a good mood again this morning so i started watching it .   i think it is the lamest show that i have ever seen .   i really don't know why it ever lasted past the first season .   if you've seen the show on tv and you like it ,  more power to you ,  if you haven't seen it ,  don't buy it ,  it is a waste of money .   everybody says that after season two is when it gets funny .  .  .   i personaly don't think i should have to endure a whole first season for it to get funny
horriblenot funnyi have no idea how people can say this is a good movieok now i personally ,  am a adam sandler fan ,  but i just hated this movie .  accually ,  i hated it so much ,  i couldnt even finish it and we had to give it away .  i recomend you do not waist your time with this horrible excuse for a movie .
this movie is so freakin stupid .  yes its funny .  .  . but so very dumb .  not good dumb ;  bad dumb .  terribly ,  painfully stupid .  funny at times .  best avoided or taken in small doses
if you have bothered to read all the other reviews here ,  i think you will get the point ,  but still unsure  ?think of knightrider from the 70`s  (  i`m sure edi used the same voice  !  !   )  then add some thunderbird puppets  (  thats a bit mean ,  at least they had personality  )  then add a dash of c . g . i .  on a budget ,  oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old !a bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i`m afraid .seriously ,  watch some paint dry for a couple of hours ,  at least the fumes will give you some sort of a buzz .
this is the first time i have ever purchased a  " the firm "  dvd .   i was really disappointed in this one .   many of the moves are not properly explained .   some movements target only one side of the body and they don't bother having you switch sides to work the other .    ( really obvious in the salsa style section )  it took a few times of doing to get all the moves right ,  but even after that it barely raises the heart rate .   the warm up leaves much to be desired .  the cool down continues the  " dance "  movements but at a  " slower "  rate and stretching the neck for one second on each side and the inner thigh for one second here and those are not enough to even make you realize that you are stretching .  i am used to denise austin workouts ,  that are half the length but you actually feel like you did something when you are done .   not so with this  " workout "  at all .   definately a waste for someone who isn't just starting out .
i am a big fan of kurt russell but this movie sucks .  and as forrest gump said ,   " thats all i have to say about that .
i'll be right up front and admit that i do not own this dvd .  i hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact .  but then i realized that if you're reviewing a dvd ,  90% of the review must be based on the movie itself ,  and having saw the movie when it was released ,  and having seen it again on the various cable channels ,  i felt i could write a respectable reveiw .frankly ,  the movie barely approaches a  " b-movie "  status .  it's only claim to fame is that it was the first major hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light .the plot is rather unbelievable ,  naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field .  .  .  .  successful author ,  high-ranking network producer ,  top-rate doctor .  nobody has a profession ,  or is in a position ,  with which the audience can relate .  the dialog is forced and ,  at times ,  rather cliche .  acting is acceptable ,  though supporting cast members are rather amateurish .  direction is functional ,  at best .one glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary .  after or before key scenes ,  the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters .  the effect is startling ,  doesn't advance the story ,  and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film .to its credit ,  the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes .  at the time ,  gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media ,  and it was a great risk to do so here .  there were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on ,  and they did the best they could .it was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary ,  but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society .  this is absolutely proven by the fact that brokeback mountain ,  released about two decades later ,  had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that making love previously attempted to break .  the difference is that brokeback mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes ,  and making love all but disappeared in the annals of time .if you're a collector of good film ,  this really wouldn't be part of your collection .  to add into a collection of films showing early portrayals of homosexuals and homosexual relationships ,  it would be very appropriate .  sadly ,  it really is good for only that one reason ,  as part of a collection of gay films throughout the years
this is a  " horror "  movie in the sense that it is incredibly grating and all the people in it act like total garbage .   i don't mean the acting is garbage ,  though it is .   i mean that all the characters in the movie are complete human garbage ,  such as make you want to start your own special death camp just to get rid of them .   if the aim of the movie was to turn the viewer into a one-man murder wave ,  then .  .  .  bingo .   i am locked and loaded and ready to ratatatatatatatattat .  .  .  .  blow away the cast
half light  ( craig rosenberg ,  2006 )i've been following some heated debate about this flick on movie boards ,  and it's brought a somewhat related  ( if tangentially )  point into focus for me :  why it is that movies like darkness ,  the 2002 spanish  " thriller "  with all the suspense of a pee wee herman monologue ,  and haute tension ,  france's painfully bad 2005 attempt at horror ,  come over to america and fall flat .  well ,  i knew the answer ,  but really ,  you're all providing me with more evidence .  you've never seen a good horror film in your life ,  have you ?  because that's really the only way i can see justifying darkness ,  haute tension ,  or half light as marginal ,  much less good ,  movies .demi moore plays rachel carlson ,  an american author living in scotland with her husband brian  ( henry ian cusick )  and their son thomas  ( the wonderfully-named beans el-balawi ,  recently in the tv adaptation of beneath the skin )  .  thomas suffers a household accident ,  which leads to rachel and brian splitting up .  rachel's friend sharon  ( coupling's kate isitt )  finds sharon a lovely ,  secluded place on the coast to hole up and try to write  ( and why is it that dead kids always lead to parents going off somewhere secluded ,  where they're bound to be tormented by guilt ?  )  .  rachel meets a number of fine locals ,  including angus mcculloch  ( the mists of avalon's hans matheson )  ,  keeper of an even more secluded lighthouse not far from her new place ,  with whom she feels an instant attraction .  despite being free of the marriage bond ,  rachel's not quite sure what to make of her handsome stranger .  .  ..  .  . and neither are we .  there's obviously supposed to be chemistry between these two characters ,  but it's never realized .  it's probably off looking for the film's suspense ,  which rosenberg reminds us we're supposed to be feeling by inserting a few scenes that tread the ground of every suspense movie clich in the entire book .  once you've figured out the movie's big twists  ( yes ,  there's more than one ,  handled with all the delicacy afforded to ,  say ,  a road being repaved )  ,  which you will have done less than thirty minutes into the film ,  rosenberg attempts to hit you with another big twist at the end .  there's only one problem-- the movie's climactic scene is so befuddling that any attempt at inserting another plot twist that leads to the film's resolution does nothing but leave the viewer confused and unsatisfied .   ( go look at the film boards in various places .  there is one question that crops up over and over again .  it relates to the utter inability of the climax to get its point across .  )it's not often that i say darkness is better than another horror film .  after all ,  darkness was about the most pointless exercise in mediocrity possible .  but if you have died and gone to hell ,  and you have a choice of which of the two to watch on endless loop for the rest of eternity ,  darkness should be a no-brainer .  yes ,  this one's that bad .
it is unusual that i disagree with so many great critics praising a movie where there is so much talent .  this movie tries to deal with alot and does alot of it well but as a viewer ,  i am hugely distracted by mamet's dialogue .  no ,  i do not agree that people in the real business world talk like this !  real people do not mindlessly echo over and over and over the same phrases that they hear each other speaking .  if i did that in my working environment my coworkers would think there was something wrong with me .  real conversation does not run in that kind of patter .  after listening to the characters for ninety minutes ,  i finally came to the conclusion that many of the characters sounded alike and the one connection point was mamet .  real people talk differently from each other .  they use different and distinct speech patterns and phrases and slang .  i've had this problem with mamet before and i can't believe nobody has ever noticed this before - and i would doubt that i am the first .  i wouldn't be surprised if - somewhere - some actor in some mamet production has pondered this before .  come on !  good dialogue is like good acting :  if it's really good ,  you don't notice it until the show's over .
i hate to be the dissenting voice here ,  but the boost is one of the most hilariously bad ,  cliched and over-the-top pictures i've seen in a long while .   it's so silly it unintentionally wanders into john waters territory several times .   the thing is ,  james woods acts like he's on coke before his character starts doing coke ,  so when he actually starts the coke binge ,  the movie enters a hyperreal realm of ridiculousness .   still ,  it has its moments ,  such as sean young falling down a flight of stairs and having a miscarriage ,  or woods explaining that cocaine  " just takes your natural energy and amplifies it "  .   a good title would be  " national lampoon's cautionary cocaine tale of the 1980s "
fun to watch but my 9 1/2 yr .  old daughter could not follow the moves .   neither could i for that matter .   we tried to learn the moves through  " breaking it down "  but there is just not enough repetition .   too complicated .
this is a remake of an affair to remember with cary grant and deborah and it does not work .  some movies just should not be remade .  the only thing good about this movie is katharine hepburn's appearance .  get the original
being a huge fan of sandra bullock ,  i bought this movie thinking it would be fun and cute like her other work .  nope ,  this movie is garbage .  first thing i noticed was that the sound quality is extremely poor which goes along hand in hand with the poor camera angles and shoots .  the acting is very bad and the story line is simply ridiculous .  over all ,  it's not a movie worth buying .
&quot ; metropolis&quot ;  , fritz lang's 1927 silent masterpiece , is one of the most important films ever made and also a great one !  but over the years , this film has been reedited , recut , and shortened which ruins the exact vision of an extrordinary filmmaker . since its stay on the public domain shelf , the prints and image quality have over the years been poor . i do not recommend the following versions : 1 . the goodtimes video release has poor image quality and even worse , no musical score !  2 . the now-notorious madacy dvd ,  which is about 5 times as worse as the goodtimes video release , contains horrible , blurry image quality , freeze-frame opening titles , and an annoying musical score !  just recently , tcm  ( turner classic movies )  has broadcast the brand-new , beautifully restored 2002 restoration of &quot ; metropolis&quot ;  which i taped off of and trust me , it's well worth it !  buy the kino restored version on either vhs or dvd , but do not buy the horrible public domain versions which can definitely rip you off !  a terrific film and thanks to kino for making this restored version a definite must-see !  i also recommend the 1984 rerelease by giorgio moroder  ( which is now unfortunately out-of-print ) and buy the soundtrack to go with it
a poorly-conceived ,  poorly put together mess .   don't bother
this is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills .   it would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make it a little leaner .   the shaky camera work detracts from some decent scenery .the politics of the film contain no subtlety or shades of gray ;  i can almost see a couple of college sophomores hitting the bong and sitting down to hash out the script :bong-hitting liberal student who has no clue about the real world #1 :    .  .  . and then she discovers the evil corporation has been testing .  .  .bhlswhncatrw #2 :   ( interrupts )    " evil corporation "  ?   why are you being redundant ?the only plus for my wife and i was the acting ,  which was great .   fiennes was especially good ,  underplaying his character in the early parts of the film ,  resulting in a character with depth and nuance .   i only wish the rest of the film was worthy of the performances contained within it
it is unfair to judge a children's film by the same non-technical standards you would judge a film made for a more mature audience .  that said ,  i had a difficult time figuring out the intended target audience for disney " s  " a far off place "  ,  an odd mix of  " alaska "  ,   " walkabout "  ,  and  " blue lagoon "  .  since each of these films had a different target audience  ( children for  " alaska "  ,  adults for  " walkabout "  ,  and teens for  " blue lagoon "  )  ,   " a far off place "  suffers from a poorly matched and confused mix of story elements ,  the attempt to appeal to multiple target audiences ultimately makes it unappealing to all audiences .despite some positive comments on this database ,   " a far off place "  did not impress audiences at the time of its 1993 release and has generated little interest since .  based on stories by south african writer laurens van der post ,   " a far off place "  is the story of three teenagers :  nonnie  ( reece witherspoon as a girl raised on south african game preserve )  ,  harry  ( ethan randall as a visiting american boy )  and sorel bok  ( as their young bushman guide xhabbo )  who attempt to evade a gang of ivory poachers by fleeing into the kalahari desert .  ethan randall is actually ethan embry from  " can't hardy wait "  .although recommended for ages eight and up ,  most younger viewers will be deeply disturbed by the early scenes ,  where the family's idyllic life is ended by a night attack on their home by the poachers .  the house is burned and the parents are murdered .  and more mature viewers will be deeply disturbed by the next scene where nonnie turns into rambo and kills most of gang in a sequence credible only to a horrified eight-year old .at this point it begins to look like  " walkabout "  ,  a story of an australian girl ,  her little brother ,  and a young aborigine on his ritual journey to manhood .  in a significant deviation from the book xhabbo's wife does not accompany the group into the desert ." walkabout's "  more adult theme of interracial sexual awakening is replaced by a  " blue lagoon "  romance between the two white teenagers ,  a reflection of the film's narrower values and more modest ambitions .the scenes shot in the desert are almost the equal of  " alaska "  for scenic beauty but  " alaska " s "  more realistic survival challenges are superior to the blend of survival skills and mystic powers that xhabbo demonstrates to his two companions during their journey .  there is an element of  " the gods must be crazy "  in this clash of cultures but the film does not go very far  ( bad pun intended )  with the concept .both  " alaska "  and  " a far off place "  insert the element of poacher violence into the journey ,  to the detriment of the basic story .  'walkabout "  did not need this and found sufficient story material in the enormity of the survival experience .bok is excellent as the young bushman and randall/embry's performance is solid if unexceptional .  those interested in witherspoon's early work would be better served checking out her great debut performance in  " the man in the moon "  and avoiding this career misstep .  those looking for a children/family story should stick with  " alaska "  .then again ,  what do i know ?  i'm only a child
viewing a movie as an adult that you once enjoyed as a kid is a good way to see if it stands the test of time .  many of those films that stand the test of time are from the fantasy genre ,  including labyrinth and dark crystal .  would i add neverending story to that list ?  hell no .  the dubbing is atrocious  ( funny germans )  ,  and the costumes and  " effects "  are flat-out bad .  labyrinth looks better than many movies released these days ,  and easily trumped neverending story when it was released two years later .  the story and plot had the potential to be interesting ,  but the execution makes neverending fall flat .  and sure ,  neverending story may have advocated reading in the mid-80's ,  but labyrinth advocated the use of psychedelics ,  which is the next step up for mind expansion
i bought this dvd based on the review of it on the dvd drive in web site .  either the person who reviewed it has never seen an exploitation movie before ,  or was not old enough to view one in the first place .  he made it sound like the most graphic and disturbing prison movie ever .  you would have thought it compared to the 'ilsa' movies the way this guy went on about it .  i'm not sure what movie he saw ,  but it wasn't this one .  when the most extreme scene in the movie involves a person being shot at falling over bloodlessly like an old western ,  you have to wonder why exactly it merited an  " unrated "  version .i guess it's worth it if you want to see naked women dancing around in a circle ,  but it you want to see a gritty violent movie ,  buy something else
do not buy this dvd as it is a total waste of money , joe walsh canbe heard on a much better dvd with eagles farewell 1 melbourne , au .  this dvd does not have dts 5 . 1 audio format as advertised
i found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time .   it's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning .   the ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion .  denzel washington did a great job playing the detective and john goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted .  my recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money .  buy somthing that has a good plot .  d- is my ratin
the criterion collection ,  a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films ,  is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning ,  original supplements . the foundation of the collection is the work of such ( real )  masters of cinema as renoir ,  godard ,  kurosawa ,  cocteau ,  fellini ,  bergman ,  tarkovsky ,  hitchcock ,  fuller ,  lean ,  kubrick ,  lang ,  sturges ,  dreyer ,  eisenstein ,  ozu ,  sirk ,  bunuel ,  powell and pressburger .the criterion collection must feel embarrassed for wasting  a tremendous amount of time in this glorious package to glorify the most incompetent of all filmmakers .  i did not watch any of the extras ,  but i hope you can find there those hilarious tv- clips from the 70s with welles crying like a baby .  .  .  .  " oh .  .  . they only let me do the movie i wanted to make in kane .  .  .  .
you know ,  shrek 2 is the embarassment of american culture .  what's wrong with it you ask ?  let's see .  .  .  too much slapstick humor ,  too many movie references ,  or parodies ,  and an unforgiving act of making fun of or parodying classic disney characters !  !  !  that's just unbelievable ,  dreamworks !  disney animation has revolutionized the animation industry ,  and you just make fun of them .  that's a real shame .  you should be thanking disney for all what animation offers nowadays .  disney classics have heart ,  humor ,  and a beautiful story .  shrek 2 lacks that .  shrek 2 deserves to be taken away from everybody and stored in a government facility ,  never to be seen again !  !
my son loves airplanes and jets !  i bought this dvd based on the rave reviews of people with young children loving this video .  if you want a dvd that shows airplanes/jets flying ,  do not buy this dvd !  the name of the video should be ,   " watch the blue angles get ready to fly ,  "  because that is what this video is .  in the first 20 minutes there are short scenes of the jets flying .  then the next 25 minutes is no flying just talking and showing the blue angles getting ready for their show .  in the last 8 minutes you get to see part of an air show .  my son has never made it to that point .  he wants to see airplanes/jets fly and i'm now on a new search for a dvd that will do this for him
unless you enjoy movies that are not funny ,  not scary ,  and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns ,  do not watch this series of horrible flicks .   putrid !   not even  " so-bad-it's-funny "  .  absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind !   heed my warning !   sucks !  !
i suppose if you never read the book ,  you might think this movie is good .  .  .  maybe even charming .   but having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel ,  i was so grossly disappointed i can't tell you .see ,  the book is about two people - novalee and willie jack .   they head west together ,  until willie jack abandons her at a walmart .   they part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can ,  and her life rises beautifully .   it's a study in contrasts ,  and it's done impeccably in the novel ,  with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey .  .  .  but it didn't translate because of hollywood's froo-froo mentality .hollywood cut benny goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved moses ( another major character )  down to a bit part while making novalee's one-visit-mother a major player .   and they destroyed forney .  .  .  who is supposed to be eccentric ,  late-thirties genius ,  withdrawn and strange .  .  .  they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile .   so .  not .  forney .   i never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life .   that horrid .   and lexie .  .  .  she's supposed to be a size 22 with four kids and white-trash tendencies .  .  .  and they put ashley judd in the role .   hello .  .  .  ?  !  ?  !   does that picture at the top look like a size 22 with four kids and white trash tendencies to you ?  that's just the biggie complaints ,  too .read the book ,  don't watch the movie .   you'll be amazed at how inept hollywood was at telling this story
this is a great flick for people who are irritated by sub-plots because there are none .   there is nothing resembling reality found anywhere in this movie ,  so it makes for excellent escapism ,  which we all need now and then .   since all the characters stay together ,  it is easy to follow along ,  so you can turn your brain off ,  it won't be needed .   since it's all about the ship ,  acting wasn't necessary .   you can bet that movies like this toll the bell for the careers of russell and dreyfus .   i felt pity for them as actors ,  and hope they can rebound .   the movie is shorter than most ,  so there will be minimum impact on your life .   you will remember nothing about it soon after exposure
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up .  i feel that it's the most insulting film to be released .  it hides the fact that we as citizens ,  and our government don't really care about who we stick in office .  if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up .  i can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time ,  and believe me i don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either .  i feel that it comes down to the man ,  and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing ,  and own up to his/her mistake .  this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up ,  and there are no absolutes ,  or rights or wrongs .  wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich ?  do we wait until then to change the moral ?  that's pathetic ,  and so is this movie
absolutely terrible .  the most inexplicable comedy phenomena this side of dane cook .nothing happens in this movie  ( and i mean nothing )  except a bunch of sullen characters exhanging  " comic "  glances and looking withdrawn and cynical .  i don't think a soviet run production company could suck the life and charisma out of these talented actors better .  so on that point it's a success .  all the sullen ,  understated lines and glances are supposed to be funny-they're not ,  they're boring .  somebody needs to tell wes anderson that too .  asap
there was one scary moment in this movie--the quick scene showing the girl in the closet when she dies .  . now that was creepy .  i then awaited more moments like that .   nothing .  nada .  lame .   tries way too hard to be creepy and artsy and just landed up being dumb .   and that young boy what is up with that ?  ?  he's trying to be like the kid in the sixth sense  ( who was brilliant and totally believable )  .   this movie did not scare me .   and the idea of people being afraid to use vhs tapes after this ?  come on .
i was really looking forward to this ,  i've seen cheap trick live ,  and they really put on a good show .  i don't know how some of the other reviewers can give this 5 stars for audio .  it is like listening to a concert in an empty warehouse - muffled audio ,  and underpowered vocals .    i have a 5 . 1 home system and this is probably the worst sounding concert dvd that i've ever heard .  i'm giving it 2 stars because i think it was a good show to see live  ( if you were there )  ,  but the audio quality  ( or lack of it )  ruined it for me
yes .  wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes .  aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot ?  wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story .recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film .  candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast  ( from oscar nominee matt dillon ,  kevin bacon etc )  can turn candy into cuisine
every minute characters in this series try to remind you of some plot point as if you're a short-attention span coach potatoe .   ehhh ,  ah yes ,  you are .   well ,  watch this and your life will pass by quicklier than already does .   two or three nice ideas ,  the rest is very superficial and underutilized .   probably there was an exec there that keeped destroying the good work of other people .   what i would do with a tenth of the budget of this misfire !
the shows themselves are wonderful ,  but the people who put together this dvd set should be ashamed of this paltry effort !  there are no cast or staff interviews about the ending of such a wonderful series .  no commentaries .  no english sub-titles .   no john spencer honorarium of any kind .  they didn't even take the time to include the 1 hour re-showing of the original pilot they aired before the finale !   the only  " extras "  are two not-special-at-all special features dealing with the debate .  this dvd set is definately not worth the money to buy it brand new .
this is a movie directed and played by a guy with unsalvageable narcissus complex .  always dreamed himself as a modern day casanova in n . y .  ,  just like that george kastansa character in 'seifield' ,  a big lover ,  a womanizer ,  a baldy forever young romeo .  almost all of the screenplays he wrote ,  the movies he directed ,  the characters he played were all like this .  i just don't know how women would fall for him in the least sense and possibility ,  only if in his wet dreams .  this is a very nauseating movie .  all of his movies are almost the same ,  only the movie titles changed .  the only one i liked is his recent 'match point' ,  nothing else .  and i felt lucky this guy was too old to play that role now ,  otherwise ,  he wouldn't allow anyone else to play that ambitious murderer but him .
even though i would agree that  " erin brockovich "  is an entertaining movie ,  julia roberts performance in it is no more oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in  " pretty woman .  "   i am second to no one in enjoying a good  " david and goliath "  story ,  but this movie has such shaky roots in reality ,  it is more of a tall tale ,  than the  " true "  story of a historic class action suit that ,  i would imagine ,  left more unhappy plaintiffs ,  than it did satisfied ones .   however ,  as the movie title implies ,  this is indeed erin brockovich's story ,  in the same way that the  " xena "  character is the main attraction in  " xena :  warrior princess "   ( though it should be noted that xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the erin brockovich character )  .erin brockovich is a vain ,  brassy ,  boorish ,  single mother of three young children ,  with no marketable work skills ,  a transparently opportunistic manner ,  who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character roberts played in  " pretty woman "   ( prior to richard gere's character taking her on the infamous rodeo drive shopping spree )  .   the movie's beginning finds erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident ;  her lawsuit is lost ,  primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony  ( swearing ,  cursing and shrieking from the witness stand )  while being questioned by opposing counsel .    unbelievably ,  erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's  ( played by albert finney )  firm ,  mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk .    later ,  while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill ,  pro bono ,  real estate sale ,  erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records ,  that ,  for reasons she  ( correctly )  does not understand ,  seem to be of particular interest to the buyer ,  the mega utility company ,  pacific gas and electric .   erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that pg&e had  ( for decades )  negligently contaminated the ground water  ( surrounding one of their power plants in/near hinkley ,  ca on the edge of the mojave desert )  with toxic ,  hexavalent chromium .   this discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits  ( at least in terms of the award )  ,  in which hundreds of hinkley residents sue pg&e  ( by and through the representation of erin's boss )  in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs .roberts gives a photogenic ,  if not especially gifted ,  performance in her role as erin .  the movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of roberts  ( literally gushing out skin-tight ,  low-cut ,  bustier-inspired  " work clothes "  that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet )  as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated hinkley residents .  while there is much to be said for erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit ,  she is not an especially likeable character ;  rather ,  she is rude ,  verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests .albert finney is considerably more appealing and believable as ed masry ,  the aged and  weary attorney who is erin's boss .   the bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing ;  unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work ,  the focus for these scenes seems to be more on roberts  ( strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy ,  five-inched-heeled mules )  than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters .   aaron eckhart plays the affable ,  gentle biker and next-door-neighbor ,  george ,  who becomes erin's boyfriend-by-convenience .   the  " convenience "  factor is totally one-sided and for erin's benefit exclusively ;  she  unabashedly uses george for free ,  live-in childcare ,  thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist masry as they put together the historic case .   erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar  " bonus "  check   ( from masry )  when the tort action case settles ;  contrastingly ,  george gets a  " thanks "  for his nanny services from erin and his walking papers .the plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life ,  who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant .   though the hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed ,  make no mistake-this movie is about erin brockovich  ( indeed ,  i do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present )  and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening ,  generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face ,  due to the toxicity in their water source .   erin brockovich is presented to the viewing audience  ( in typical hollywood fashion )  as a sort of heroine ;  but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people ,  walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich .   is the movie entertaining-absolutely .    inspiring- not even slightly .
this is a review of the  " ultimate collector's edition ,  "  not a review of the film itself .  if you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition ,  you probably already know that the film is great ;  you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag .in short ,  it's not .  and let me be absolutely clear about one thing :  i have known and loved this film for years .  a few sequences look properly spectacular ,  but after watching this dvd on two separate  ( and high-quality )  televisions ,  i'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark .  like ,  too dark to tell what's even *happening* .  for instance ,  the scene where brad  ( harry carey ,  jr .  )  runs off to his death ,  the scene where marty's  ( jeffrey hunter's )   " bride "  is serving coffee along the river ,  and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the comanche camp ,  are utterly lost in the dark .  by contrast ,  the bare-bones 1997 dvd release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes i've just mentioned .  don't waste your money on this special edition ;  you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10 . 99 for the 1997 release .
with the exception of disc# 6 this collection was very disappointing .   it was obvious that the show lost its charm after season #3 and was well on its way out before paul reubens little incident .    however ,  if you liked pee-wee herman the first collection under playhouse#1 is excellent .   it was fresh and innovative .   my 3 year old loves the first 6 discs .   disc #7 to disc #10 are actually pretty bad and not worth the purchase .   they should have included disc #6 with the first set .   anything after that was simply not entertaining .   the quality of all the discs still is excellent .
don't bother wasting your money if you think you are upgrading like i did .    the earlier artisan release is still much better than this special edition .    the image is better and also the sound .    i don't know what lions gate thought they were doing ,  but remastered ?  no .    i compared both several times before writing this even though i only had to compare once .    might as well wait for a hd dvd to come out ,  this is a waste unless you want the additional features
i was thrilled when i saw there was a new sesame street christmas dvd out as my 3 and 6 year olds have the other three memorized .   and ,  as much as i enjoy being a sesame street kid  ( 37 ,  just like the show )  ,  i was tiring of the same stuff over and over .imagine my surprise ,  then ,  when virtually all of this dvd is just the highlights of the others  ( classic ernie ,  bert and the beloved mr .  hooper from _christmas eve_ ,  hanukkah from _happy holidays_ ,  and bob singing  " all though the year "  from _elmo saves christmas "  among others )  .   the only new part is christmas future and it is a poor cartoon instead of new muppet footage .if you don't have the other three dvds this would probably earn 4 stars .   if you do have the other dvds this is not a necessity .   hopefully next time the budget will allow sesame workshop to be more creative
though i'm still a big south park fan ,  i do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons .   this season has its standouts ,  most notably the truly demented christmas critters episode ,  but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes .to make matters worse ,  matt and trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections .   a show like the simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans :   full episode commentaries with writers ,  producers ,  directors ,  voice actors ,  etc as well as deleted scenes and other special features .   matt and trey provide generally uninteresting  " mini commentaries .  "   no doubt about it ,  the boys are just generally  " phoning it in "  at this point ,  seemingly caring only about continuing their franchise and maximizing their profits for as little effort as possible
don't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series .   it is a six hour bore ,  an unbelievable love triangle between three people who have absolutely no chemistry for each other .   there is no heat in this story ,  no real passion ,  no real romance .   it is a dry ,  boring ,  drawn out ,  and uninspired as they come .   the writing is atrocious ,  and while the actors should be given credit for not choking on the swill they have for dialogue ,  they are completely unbelievable .   the story is utterly predictable ,  though it goes off on pointless tangents and ignores potentially interesting subplots ,  and the only thing surprising is that anybody ever thought it would be a good idea to make this drivel .   it doesn't even meet the expected level of technical proficiency ,  with terrible editing ,  pathetic sound ,  and blatant continuity problems .   take those six hours of your life and use them for something more worthwhile .   the bbc has made many better mini series ,  and pretty much any one of them would be preferable
alright :  take a step back ,  and tell me there isn't something decidedly wrong ,  even militantly spooky ,  about the american southwest .you know what i'm talking about ?  no ?  let me clarify ,  then .we're driving ,  me & thee ,  across some barren stretch of ancient arizona moonscape ,  and we've hit upon what i call the magic hour :  when the day is laying down its sword in honor of old man night ,  and the setting sun is really firing up all those sleeping reds and oranges and deep ,  feral yellows ,  up on the rocks ,  the hills ,  the cliffs ,  the crags ,  the bluffs .can you see it ?  can you hear the coyotes keening and wailing and hi-yi-kee-yi-ing away back up in some box canyon ,  where those black-rooted stunty trees wave their straggly ,  evil ,  twisted arms towards an absentee heaven ?we still think of america as a young country ,  and maybe that's just our innocence talking .  because this land is just as ancient as any trod by the african or chinese ,  and can't you just smell the terrible old blood-secrets buried down under the earth when you're out on the high desert ?sure .  as the town of desperation's former sheriff  ( former ,  in that he's going through something of a---ah ,  midlife crisis )  would say ,  gosh ,  yes .the guts and sheer ,  pulpy ,  bloody visceral glory of stephen king's novel  " desperation "  rides that seam of ancient ,  buried ,  hulking horror like a 40-something housewife saddling up the mechanical bull at gilley's ,  and that's half its charm---which is why i was expecting so much with mick garris's cinematic version ,  and ,  no doubt ,  why i was just so damned disappointed .the setup ,  the build ,  the execution---everything about  " desperation "  cuts thematically close to the territory king marked with his bad-doggie tale  " cujo "  .  remember  " cujo "  ?  something ancient and unspeakably evil ,  and deeply stupid and hungry---something nasty lies all coiled-up in a dark cave . until cujo---big ,  bumbling ,  naive ,  benevolent---comes lumbering into its domain .and gets eaten .  devoured .  turned into a shambling ,  rabid hulk of its former lovable slobbery self ,  transformed into a ravenous engine of death with one single design :  to spread carnage ,  red and raw and toothy ,  across the trembling land .now ,  just as the arc and trajectory of the bullet isn't all that mindful of its casing ,  so too the unsleeping ancient evils of cujo and desperation aren't too picky about their corporeal hosts .  whether it's a 300-pound dog or a 300-pound lawman ,  the only real concern is where to pile the bodies .or so you'd think .  sadly ,   " desperation "  is a tiny little bang ,  and a ton of whimper :  15 minutes of shivery brilliance ,  and what feels like about 8 hours of unbridled dullness .that bristling tale of ancient ,  sleeping ,  hungry evil---tak ripped out of his slumber with the explosion of the charges in the rattlesnake pit ,  and his unquenchable desire to eat his way out into the guts of the little town of desperation---all of the novel's frantic hardscrabble fight against a mounting ,  relentless evil is wasted by mick garris's listless ,  uninspired direction .it's as if garris burned up his budget hiring ron perlman to run the numbers as collie entragian ,  and then outsourced the rest of the flick to bangalore .  hell ,  they even dragoon some worn-out mountain lion to take a chunk out of flabby old charles durning's patooshka ,  and even that doesn't jack up the excite-o-meter on this miserable thing .not that i'm complaining about perlman :  this sad little flick bumps and grinds and gets its crawling kingsnake groove-on *only* when entragian is on the screen ,  and perlman is the perfect choice as the lawman who goes all economy on us and squeezes both good cop *and* bad cop into one body ,  then goes on to downsize his jurisdiction .  with extreme prejudice .  tak !" desperation "  has its 15 minutes of brilliance with that fatal traffic stop :  everything is just about note perfect .  those lying ,  impossibly high wild-blue western skies ;  the trooper lurching out of his cruiser ,  that gary cooper drawl just crackling out over the silence of the high desert ,  the spike of dread at the curt command to step out of the car succeeded by a queasy flood of relief when---thank god ! ---it's just a busted-tail-light .it's here ,  in the seconds before  " desperation "  lurches forward zombie-style into b-grade horror ,  that the movie succeeds ,  that it creeps and crawls the way the book did .  it is here that the film conjures up the loneliness of the vast stretches ,  the realization---something most american suburbanites go to their graves without knowing---that there are wild spaces on this crazy planet where you could be murdered and buried without anyone knowing how ,  or why .while the coyotes howl ,  the scorpions scuttle and clatter ,  the black widows stalk and spin and move itchingly towards their prey .gosh ,  yes .js
this movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies i have ever seen .   as a huge colin firth fan originally from a small town in vermont ,  i thought that no matter what i had heard about the film i would enjoy it .   unfortunately ,   i was wrong .the main problem of the film was characterization .   there were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character's actions .   one minute ,  the small town girl played by heather graham is working at a nursing home ,  then she's downing alcohol ,  then she's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason  ( in fact ,  she doesn't even seem drunk )  ,  and all this entices the character colin firth to jump into bed with her .   i think the heather graham character is supposed to be quirky ,  but because of the script and the way the film is cut ,  she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable .   then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance  ( and this is no rebound relationship )  .   basically ,  the movie continues along this vein ,  with minnie driver showing up as the dark-haired british ex-fiance who you can't see ever having had a relationship with colin  ( both actors are better in the much superior movie circle of friends )  .   in any case ,  there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends .additionally ,  the setting is completely misused ,  beginning with the sign that says more than 18 , 000 people live in hope .   in new england ,  that does not classify as a small town .   they could have used the autumn setting and american-ness of the people as restorative to the colin character .   the suggestion of that is there ,  but it is never demonstrated - instead ,  they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the heather graham character downs a bottle of booze ,  and colin firth's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town's people .   although the hotel owners are fun ,  if unrealistic ,  the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character .finally ,  i don't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie ,  with the wierd cutting ,  it may have seemed like a good idea at the time .   i think colin firth does his best at being an ambigious ,  but still likeable guy .   heather graham ,  aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all ,  has absolutely nothing to work with ,  so you can't even blame her for the horrendous character she has .   and everyone else ,  including minnie driver ,  is a complete caricature ,  although minnie driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film .i feel bad to judge this movie so harshly ,  but it is unneccessarily bad ,  and i had been hoping for something at least fun .   these actors all have much better movies out there .
this movie would have been a complete failure if fred astaire hadn't starred in it .  i found it to be exceptionally dull .  except for  " i lost my hat in haiti "  and  " you are "  ,  and footage from the actual wedding of a member of the british monarchy ,  this film is pretty terrible
i recently discovered this set available on dvd and was very excited ,  since i've been a fan of david suchet ,  agatha christie and hercule poirot for a long time .   i was really looking forward to viewing these ,  however the poor quality of the image was apparent to me in the first scene and it didn't get better .   the image quality is actually worse than what i've seen on aired on television via cable .   the picture appears to be composed of thousands of tiny vertical lines ,  which are easily discernable and difficult to ignore .   i'm amazed acorn would release such a great series in such a low quality package and then charge so much for it .   i will definitely not buy any other titles by acorn media
i generally like some of these french-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they're usually pretty erotic .   jane fonda's role in barbarella comes to mind .   this gwendoline series definitely had the potential what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend .but the very beautiful tawney kitaen  ( cast as gwendoline )  apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes  ( this was 1984 ,  after all )  ,  and so the producers obligingly didn't force her to do any ,  and as a result this one turned into a very bland ,  weak ,  and diluted version of raiders of the lost ark .   it's not a good adventure film ,  and it's certainly not erotic .there's a little nudity ,  and some ridiculous moments that are supposed to capture the kinkiness of the french comics ,  but overall this one was a disappointing bust .
the plot of  " hard target "  has been summarized in previous reviews ,  so i'll limit myself to discussing my favorite part ." hard target's "  claim to fame when it came out was that it was john woo's first american film ,  and that's certainly a big deal .    ( i just saw  " hard boiled "  the other day ,  and i'd need seven dictionaries to describe that glorious mess .  )but it boggles my mind that lance henriksen's jaw-dropping death scene doesn't land right at the top of every review of this movie .  i mean .  .  .   ( spoiler alert )  the dude has a grenade dropped into his pants .   he manages to get the grenade *out* of his pants before it explodes .   and then he throws it away from him ,  right ?  wrong !   he unscrews the grenade ,  hoping to separate the fuse from the explosive .   and he does separate them before the grenade goes off and starts laughing in triumph .   but he holds the fuse like two inches from the explosive and .  .  .  the spark jumps across !   funny enough already ,  but l . h .  makes this shocked  " whu .  .  .  "  sound that is more hysterical than the entire first season of the daily show .   right before blowing up .   it's absolutely brilliant .
i practically fell asleep while watching this tape ,  the girl doing the exercises isn't even saying anything while she's doing it .  it's a voice over !  also she's all alone in a blank room .  all the exercises are basically the same .  i would suggest mtv pilates .  it's a lot more fun
flightplan ,  or  " flightpanned "  is implausible posturing and shrieking .  its total disregard for facts adds foolishness to tediousness .  you know where the movie is going within 20 minutes and just like a real plane flight ,  you spend the rest of the time waiting for it to end .it is a wretched mess
i think denise austin does a decent job in some of her other videos ,  but this isn't one of them .   she lacks any type of warm up in this one and often looks like she's just trying to make up steps in order to fill the time slot .   the moves are not well choreographed and very awkward .   some may find encouragement in the times denise gives the camera a bug eyed stare and says  " we're burning butter .  .  .  .  yeah "  but i found it annoying .   i think there are much better workouts for the money out there
peter segal's  " anger management "  is a film with nothing going for it .   it is best described as boring ,  annoying ,  and devoid of laughs .mild-mannered dave buznik  ( adam sandler )  is sent to anger management counseling after an unfortunate misunderstanding .   he immediately develops a problematic relationship with buddy rydell  ( jack nicholson )  ,  the self-help expert leading the sessions .   as the two men spend more and more time together ,  buznik starts to wonder if his counselor is the one who should be undergoing counseling ." anger management "  just does not get as much mileage out of its premise as it would like .   it is essentially a one-joke film that wears out its welcome very quickly .   sandler and nicholson are saddled with a script that fails to produce even a snicker .   furthermore ,  the parade of cameos throughout the film add nothing to the story and just feel like a lame attempt to squeeze in as many recognizable faces as possible into the proceedings .   truth be told ,   " anger management "  is one of those projects that was green-lighted because of the talent involved and not because of its quality .
i had to contact amazon five times about this item .   i ordered it on 10-1 and it didn't ship for several weeks .   then when i check my account ,  the description had changed to umd for psp .   you will not get the dvd if you order this .   i eventually cancelled mine .   amazon is using the wrong cover art and the wrong disc specs for this title and doesn't seem too worried about correcting this .   do not order
" over done "  is the best way to describe this over-the-top attempt to view gang life from the eye of a  " stolen "  video camera .
this program is evil .  it is easy to get sucked into watching gantz ,  because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters ,  who have all died ,  find themselves in .  they have gone to purgatory ,  and purgatory is like an all-too-real video game .  one feels compelled to continue on with the series to begin to answer some of these mysteries .the art direction is decent .  visually ,  it doesn't look cheap .  the english voice acting is embarassingly bad ,  especially the main character ,  but not as bad as the dialogue ,  internal and vocalized ,  that this character has been given to speak .the worst thing about this series ,  apart from the juvenile humor about breasts and boners ,  is the  " action "  scenes .  these inevitably play out with the people in danger standing around arguing and philosophizing about what to do ,  when the obvious course of action is to take the guns that are in their hands ,  and shoot at their alien adversaries like there is no tomorrow .  after you witness a few of these frustrating situations on the video ,  if you don't feel like banging your head against the wall ,  you are made of stronger stuff than i .this first set of episodes leaves the viewer with more questions than answers ,  and more frustration than satisfaction .  save yourself the pain .
this should be called the  " john ford tiny collection "  ,  as most of his major films are not included .  even  " john ford the early years "  would at least alert customers to the fact that this is only a small sampling of ford's work .shame on amazon for their collaboration in this matter ,  and for advertising the john wayne/john ford collection so closely that it is easy to mistake one for the other .
i am very disappointed with this movie  " the philadelphia experiment "  that have no english subtitles ,  due to my deafness .  i was planning to buy this dvd .i have seen it many times in late 1980s and have been waiting for the english subtitles since
well ,  i sure could have skipped this one .   i well remember the critics raving over this on television ,  but why is beyond me .   mostly ,  i was just plain bored .   there simply was no depth at all ,  just bunches of short takes and wise cracks .   bush was just downright dirty ,  making insults and slurs all over the place ,  something i do not consider an appropriate attitude in a man who would be president .   and it is interesting that in one of the reviews it was noted that mary matalen ,  the deputy manager of bush's campaign and very acid-tongued  ( maybe she wrote some of the slurs bush used )  ,  is now the wife of james carville ,  top strategist for clinton's campaign ,  and basically the star of the movie .   but all the scenes were focused on the funny quip ,  the bon mot ,  no long scenes of the nitty-gritty work ,  or any answers to any questions about clinton either ,  for that matter .
i love asian movies .  i like them because they tend to be more cerebral and less politically correct than the garbage coming out of hollywood these days .  2047 however ,  was the first asian movie that i failed to finish becaase of the sheer boredom of the plot .  don't get me wrong ,  the main actor  ( clark gable look-alike )  is an excellent actor and the babes were gorgeous ,  but the movie itself imo is overrated .  you can argue  " art "  all you want but if you like an endless stream of a playboy making girls sad it may be for you ( not my bag at all )  .  i kept hoping the movie was over at several points only to realize .  . oh my god it's not over !  boring
( 1 )  scarlett o'hara is the least likable  " heroine "  i've ever seen .  she has no redeeming qualities .( 2 )  we're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks ?( 3 )  this movie is way too long and dull .( 4 )  i'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground .( 5 )  there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life .  the  " gentlemen "  were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them .( 6 )  i'd rather watch  " mandingo "  than this racist garbage any day of the week
off-hand ,  i can't think of a worse movie .   ( and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey ,  he's making a buck ,  here .  )  that's all .  1/32 star ,  if possible
i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between  " the gospel "  and  " the fighting temptations "  .   i would not recommend purchasing .   you are better off renting
the lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real edward r .  murrow ,  and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie set in the `50s ,  but otherwise i'd didn't understand all the adulation for what was to me a short ,  boring movie that seemed much longer .   maybe i've just seen too many biopics lately
at ikiru's opening ,  i started to have real doubts about the film .  i had heard that this was kurosawa's best ,  and the film was built up just enough to come crashing down .luckily ,  that didn't happen .the narrator of the film reminded me of criswell's narrations to plan 9 from outer space .  the film seemed to say too much and show too little .  then as the narrator continued during an extremely long take of our hero mr .  watanabe at work ,  something clicked .  the long duration of the shot and the narrator's continued breakdown of the man's less wholesome characteristics gave the impression that he was breaking down our lives ,  that the narration is coming from the back of our own minds ,  and that we are powerless to silence it .that floored me ,  and for the rest of the film ,  i remained awe-stricken by this humble yet miserable man .  takashi shimura gives one of the greatest performances i've seen since raging bull .  here is a guy whose really pissed off at the world ,  but he's smart enough to know he has only himself to blame for the mediocrity his life has been dealt .  the horror on his face when he learns of his cancer will remain with me for a long time .there are points at which the film seems to drag on ,  but never without purpose .  when he dies ,  having finally given meaning to his existence ,  his coworkers and family members recount the final days with pity ,  confusion ,  and finally admiration .  the scene lags ,  which makes us that much more insulted by their ignorance
i don't know what to say about this .  .  . it was interesting but not wowing by any standards .  it was semi-enjoyable to watch with interesting graphics and the concept is novel too .  but the music sucks and thats half the dvd right there .  recommend renting or borrowing from a friend .  i wouldn't buy this dvd again
what a disappointment !   i remember siskel and ebert raving over this romantic comedy .   romantic ,  maybe ,  but comedy - never .   very predictable plot from beginning to end .   and rosie perez was truly offensive .   a few times i couldn't understand what she was saying .   there is no way i could buy that she and cage's character were attracted to each other .   maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex ,  violence ,  or rough language .   although cage does get shot in one hold-up scene .   it was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way .   i am beginning to like cage more and more as he ages .   [  spoiler ]  i was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners .   either they shouldn't have changed it so much or they shouldn't have let us know about the real story it was based on .  [ end of spoiler ]   but fonda and cage were very engaging together
being a texas chainsaw fan i of course picked this one up .   it has 2 big stars in it ,  and was directed by one of the writers of the original .   i'm not sure what they were going for in this one .   is it a horror ,  a sick comedy ?   it is all over the place .   what is worse is that they made leatherface a wimpy crossdresser .   the ending leaves you scratching your head .   mathew and renee do their best with the material
this tepid , disappointing sequel is far better than beyond the re-animator but dosen't equal a good sequel to the excellent original .  dr . herbert west and his friend dan re-animate dead bodies and when dan's girlfriend is dying she is re-animated just like bride of frankenstein .  the gore effects are good including the crawling eyeball but the movie becomes tedious and more predictable as it goes along .  the new director brian yuzna does a good job taking over stuart gordon but this movie fails to entertain and make watchable that this looks like a sci/fi channel movie that would debut on tv and the movie is just disappointing compared to the first with a new cast ( except jeffrey combs and bruce abbott )  , lower production values and lower budget , and tepid to atrocious acting .  if you seen the first your not missing much but for some reason you can recommend this instead of beyond the re-animator .
i think this film wants to make you vomit .  i don't know about you ,  but that is not a quality i am looking for in my films .  being scared is fine ;  being in suspense is great ,  vomiting is not .  i really think that is what this film was going for .  it has some pretty disgusting moments .  while i was watching it i kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes .  in fact ,  i am feeling it now as i write this review and think about the movie .the story runs like this :  a meteor falls to earth .  it has an alien life in it which shoots into people and uses them as an incubation device .  this of course means then when the aliens decide to hatch out of incubation .  .  . well its not a pretty picture as you may imagine .  in the meantime the people who have aliens incubating inside them turn into rotting-corpse looking creatures ,  or in the case of the head alien ,  just a big pile of disgustingness .the idea itself isn't a bad one ,  and its executed in a relatively skillful way .  in fact ,  the idea is much more original than many other horror movies .  but as i said before ,  it's just too disgusting to be really enjoyable .  this movie was confused as to whether it wanted to be a comedy or a horror and while it was trying to figure that out it failed in both categories
so i bought this movie because some of the reviews said that the acting was terrible but the dancing was amazing .well ,  anyone who thinks that the salsa dancing in this movie is amazing ,  awesome ,  good ,  or ok ,  has never actually seen salsa dancing !  !i am a salsa dancer ,  and this movie was horrible !  !  !   i have seen amazing dancing ,  and good dancing .   this was terrible dancing !   and there was hardly any salsa !it was 80s dancing to salsa music !   that's it .   the only time there was actually salsa dancing was when the main character was training with the club owner .   other than that ,  it was just 80s dancing to salsa music .   that's it .if you want to see salsa dancing ,  i definitely do not recommend this movie .if you want to see horrible acting ,  and old 80s dancing ,  then i recommend this movie .  .  .there was only one thing that i liked about this movie .   the appearances made by tito puente and celia cruz .   that was great to see ,  but not worth buying the movie for .  .  .  .oh ,  and the story line ?   what was it again ?  ?  ?  ?yeah .  .  .i love movies ,  good ones and bad ones .but this one ?  ?  ?   the worst movie i have seen so far .  .  .to the best of my knowledge ,  there aren't actually any movies with really good salsa dancing .hopefully ,  someday ,  there will be
this stability ball workout is definitely a more advanced routine and is not for beginners .   this was the first stability ball dvd that i purchased and became quickly frustrated with the routine due to the level .   if you are a beginner ,  i would recommend leslie sansone's you can do stability ball training .   if you are a beginner or more advanced ,  i would recommend denise austin's shrink the female fat zone or the quickfix stability ball training .   my all time favorite dvd for the stability ball is denise austin .   this is by far my least favorite .
i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring ,  i have to say that the one is one of my favourite books i ever rea
this is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film's deeping meaning .   i am sure that i missed much of that meaning .   however ,  one aspect of it is painful clear .   the crux of this movie centers on the premise that seemingly innocent women can be sexually exploited and over time they were come to accept and thrive on that exploitation .   i found that premise disturbing and unrealistic .   also ,  it left me with the fear that women hating men could use that premise to justify their abuse of the opposite sex .   if so ,  this movie could contribute ,  in a small way ,  to the perpetuation of the subjugation of women or at least the fantasy thereof .watch this movie if you must ,  but be critical of its assumptions about male/female relationships .
why oh why do they keep placing redneck tim allen in christmas movies ?  he can't act and he is disgusting .  i am ashamed at jamie lee curtis for reducing herself to this garbage .  i can understand tim allen thinking this was a good script ,  the producer probably mailed the script to him as a coloring book  with pictures .  .  . but i had higher expectations from jamie lee curtis .  i have to say i usually love her .  but she was awful in this film .  she is reduced to whining and crying .  she does little else besides agreeing to everything her caveman husband tells her .   tim allen was awful from day one in his redneck middle america sitcom ,  and to this day retains that disgusting ,  overweight ,  burping middle america character .why do they keep putting him in christmas films ?  it really does nauseate me to no ends to see him playing santa claus .
the premise - that one could change specific events in ones' past through psychic concentration - could have been the foundation for a fascinating thriller .   i don't condemn the film's corollary either :  that each change produces new ,  unforseeable tragedies .   it's the way the story is told - its ham-fisted dialogue and plot ,  its forced obscenity at every turn - that reveals its teen sensibilities .it is therefore fitting that the director's preferred ending is included here .   it is the perfect catharsis for teens who  "  .  .  . wish i was never born !
hello ?  ?  ?  ?  ?whoever mastered this great film ruined it by forgetting or refusing to provide english subtitles for the japanese and italian characters .   how can such a thing happen ?   if you find the vhs buy it .   maybe some day someone will make the corrections .   until then ,  avoid this dvd
this movie is the most boring ,  uninteresting piece of garbage i have everwasted my money on .  the plot is stupid ,  the characters are dull and insipid ,  and the whole movie leaves you asking ,  as the credits run ,   " so what ?  "  don't waste your money !
the year :  1965 .  the cast :  peter sellers .  peter o'toole .  woody allen .  ursula andress .  the soundtrack :  burt bacharach .  tom jones .  dionne warwick .  manfred mann .  the movie :  believe it or not -- terrible .  really .  .  .  as in unwatchable  ( other than the relatively entertaining animated opening credits .  )  painfully unfunny slapstick routines ,  actors seemingly reading their lines off of cue cards ,  and no plot to speak of .  not even fun to watch for 60's camp value like the party or casino royale .  .  .  i had to turn it off at about the halfway mark .grade :  incompletesafest bet :  get the soundtrack ,  skip the movie .  .  .
the movie itself is just as good i remembered it .   but the criterion collection dvd package ,  however ,  is so totally not worth the $40 plus postage i paid for it .   i've gotten so much more bang for my buck with other  " special edition " -type dvds .   i found the interviews and  " extra "  stuff dull .   i want my money back
i'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon ,  due to the utter vileness of this movie .   i saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it ,  and then a friend purchased the dvd and convinced me to give it a second chance .  .  .   all in all ,  this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that i will never get back .the performances are thin and uneven ,  the plot is inconsistent ,  and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of friends .   to be fair ,  this movie does face several major obstacles .   it has the misfortune to depend on the  " acting "  of glorified ken doll freddie prinze ,  jr .  and the vastly overrated julia stiles ,  and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges ,  it also attempts to survive the intrusion of ashton kutcher .   it fails on all counts .i do not hate the whole romantic comedy genre ;  nor do i hate the  " teen "  movie sub-genre ,  under which some would place  " down to you .  "    ( in fact ,   " can't hardly wait "  is one of my favorite movies .  )   i simply hate bad movies ,  and this movie is a true abomination .   if you enjoy the experience of wanting to drill into your own skull ,  then by all means ,  buy this dvd .   if ,  however ,  you value your sanity ,  then please do not make the same mistake i did ;  stay far ,  far away from this movie
the picture book of the same name by chris van allsberg is one of my favorite christmas stories of all times .   so i was pretty excited to hear hollywood was making a movie version and a great actor like tom hanks was a leading participant .    what a disappointment !   the movie's tone is empty and wintery at best and at worst downright creepy .   there are macabre touches throughout the movie with the most memorable being a mysterious hobo  ( apparently supernatural ?  )   who appears on top of the train from time to time and utters interesting christmas messages such as  " do you believe in ghosts ?  "   the  " lighter "  scenes are so frenzied and overblown they do nothing to give the viewer a more cheerful holiday feeling .   admittedly i saw the movie in dvd format on the small screen and i am told many of the scenes played better in 3d .   yet  " the polar express "  still remains a highly unusual and uniquely unmerry christmas movie especially for a presumed target audience of families with young children .
believe dooby's one ( zero )  star review .  not even worth a free rental .  not worth your precious time .  you have been warned
i bought orson welles citizen kane and liked it so i decided to watch other welles movies .  i bought mr .  arkadin because the dvd is cheap and rated high on imdb .  i should have buyed touch of evil instead .  the quality of the picture is laughable ,  sometimes there are glitches in the sound during scene changes .  judging by the picture and sound quality i would say that they used equipment from the 30's to shoot and edit the movie and that the print used for that transfer was stored in a refrigerator during 45 years .  welles directing work is good but obviously he had to deal with the poor quality of the european movie industry of the 50's .  sometimes the picture shake ,  during the opening credits the captions are white on a white or gray background so we can't read everything .  the editing is very poor ,  there are too many scene changes .  when i bought this dvd i expected to receive the laserlight version ,  instead i got a dvd made by alpha video .  the case cover is different and there is no supplemental material .  he was mastered cheaply on a pc with the spruceup dvd maestro software ,  that seem to create problems ,  each time i try to play the disc on my computer the fbi warning message appear and then the disc eject .  i didn't notice any audio syncing problems however .  this movie is the perfect candidate for a remake .  i give **** for the story and * for the overall quality of the movie
they should stop milking it with crappy film franchises like the texas chainsaw massacre .  this series should have been killed off by now .  the first was not even worth watching !  stay away from this whole movie series
so i'm supposed to believe that the horrible dialogue ,  bad acting ,  and ridiculous plotting is on purpose just because mamet is a respected guy ?  how about we call a dog a dog and just move on
*warning :  spoiler*i cannot believe people ,  excuse me ,  some women are giving this movie four and five stars .interesting premise , and it could have been a good ,  believeable movie-- but it was sooo syrupy .  if this is what it's like to be in love ,  please somebody shoot me ( note :  i've been in real love for 27 years now .  )  i got through the movie and probably would have given the movie a 3 and a half until the very end .  why the blankity-blank-blank does somebody always have to die at or near the end for the movie to be a  " good movie "  ?i felt like i was drowning in estrogen by the time the movie was over .  wouldn't it have been more intriquing to leave the movie somehow pondering how this new love was going to all work out ?  that ,  at least ,  would have made the movie more intriquing ,  believeable and redeeming .  if ever a movie was made to force tears ,  this is it .this movie stinks and i don't mind telling you so--and it's not just because i'm a man either .  imo ,  there's not much difference between this movie and a stupid ,  blatant steven segall movie where testosterone is promenaded around like it's the elixir of heaven .  same coin ,  different sides .the movie should be given a  " one " --no a  " negative one "  just for the stupid ending ,  but other redeeming factors make it a  " two .  "  still not worth seeing--i . e .  ,  unless you're into infuriating yourself .**  note :  even my wife and daughter--both chick-flick connousiours--hate this movie . i haven't checked yet ,  but i think my dogs do too . **another note :  these two good actors needed a better movie .  see ryan in the superb  " courage under fire "  ,  or the jim morrison movie ,  or  " when harry met sally " --which i don't categorize as a  " chick flick "  but as a good romantic comedy , i . e .  ,  not contrived
first off ,  let me explain why i purchased the around the world in 80 days dvd in the first place ,  sight unseen .   one ,  i was trying to collect as many notable films of the 1950's as i could on dvd ,  to add to my personal library .   two ,  it was the winner of the 1956 best picture oscar  ( how bad could it be ,  right ?  )  .   and third ,  it was on sale at my local wholesaler .   so i figured ,  what the hey ,  i'll take a chance .talk about a colossal disappointment .   i'm a huge movie buff .   i'm only 32 years old ,  but i love all sorts of films and genres from different periods and countries .   i love old black & white and silent films ,  and i don't shy away from foreign films either .   i'm also a huge fan of warner brothers' 2-disc special edition dvds .   i try to keep an open mind about all the films i see ,  but i just can't come up with any convincing arguments to either buy or watch this film/dvd .to start ,  there is no good reason why this film should be 3 hours long .   it could have very easily been edited down to 2 ,  if not 90 minutes .   there is almost no script to speak of ,  and what little there is consists of trite exchanges and banter with barely 2 memorable lines of dialogue .   there are endless shots of open seas or country ,  followed by about 30 seconds of dialogue ,  followed by even more endless footage of different locales .   there is no real drama or comedy going on to drive the film ,  and the pacing is absolutely dreadful .  .  .  i found myself hitting the  " fast-foward "  button on my remote on more than a few occasions ,  simply because i knew i wasn't missing any dialogue and the establishing shots would go on for 1 or 2 minutes straight !secondly ,  the entire cast is virtually wasted .   david niven is always a delight to watch ,  but is never given a chance to make fogg truly shine .   he has one demeanor that he holds throughout :   stiff and mannered ,  with little or no variation .   cantinflas ,  who supposedly was one of the highest paid comedians in the world at the time 80 days was produced ,  gives us little reason to believe how or why he was such a sensation  ( other than doing his own stunt work )  .   he's mildly amusing at best ,  and his accent is so thick and mumbled that i had to rewind and replay some scenes with the  " subtitle "  button on .   as for the  " noted "  cameos .  .  .  again ,  the actors/comedians are given little to do and barely play to their strengths and familiarity .   the only cameo actor who stuck out as having any real performance or impact was the great john carradine  ( can't miss that voice !  )  .it's hard to believe it took three different writers to come up with such a frustratingly bland ,  lifeless and unfunny script  ( not to mention headscratchingly illogical .  .  .  when cantinflas rescues the shirley maclaine princess character ,  wouldn't she fall in love with him ,  her actual rescuer ,  rather than the cool and distant fogg ,  who only ordered the rescue ?   talk about a missed opportunity for some genuine comedy !  )  .although this film obviously has some fans ,  i wonder if it's only because of some overriding nostalgia factor ,  whether it was seeing it for the first time back in 1956 or on tv as a child .   other than that ,  i can't understand how anyone could seriously recommend this film .   yes ,  it's beautifully photographed ,  and the costumes are great ,  but that's it .   i can't believe that 80 days won the best picture oscar of 1956 ,  a year that also gave us giant ,  the ten commandments ,  the king and i ,  the searchers .  .  .  hell ,  even forbidden planet or invasion of the body snatchers should have won before this overblown moving postcard .i'm sorry to say that i probably won't bother watching this film again and will most likely end up reselling my dvd copy  ( if anyone will take it !  )  .   certainly my most disappointing dvd purchase ever .   don't say you weren't warned !
geez ,  maybe i have a heart of stone .  i wasn't a bit moved by the overrated streep and handsome clint .  it's a story about two hearts linked as one - a sacrifice by a beautiful woman for the greater good - a touching story of common adultery committed by two randy ,  bored adults .  yawwwwn .  streep can do any accent on the planet ,  and sprinkle it with more affected mannerisms than marcel marceau .  that doesn't make her an actress - just a clever chameleon .  i'd rather watch julia roberts play herself over and over and over than see streep play  " pretend "  roles .  there ,  i've said it .  now goodnight .
how high is a film that lends nothing ,  i repeat ,  nothing to the film community at large .   i have read some critics that say that this film introduced a whole new generation to the cheech & chong of the new millennium with the redman/method man pairing .   while most seem to agree that this is a horrible film ,  very few of them mention how utterly racist the overall experience happens to be .   when i use the word racist ,  i mean that it builds upon the degenerate clichs that african americans struggle with on a daily basis with our society .   while there were elements in this film that seemed like there was some reverse racism occurring ,  what struck me hardest in the face was how embarrassing method man and redman must be to both the film community ,  but also to their own culture .   i have a very open mind when it comes to social issues as well as films ,  but this one left my jaw on the floor several times .   the blatant swings at african american stereotypes were meant to be a source of humor for director jesse dylan ,  but instead fell flat on their embarrassed face .   humor was in very short supply in this film due to the ethnic stereotype clichs that seemed to be used nearly every second of this film .   nothing was original .   nothing was exciting .was the pairing of redman and method man an idea of comedic proportions ?   i think not .   as you can tell from their short lived series after the release of this film ,  the corporate world wanted to cash in on these two rappers ,  but soon realized that they were not as bankable as they thought .   why ?   method man and redman ,  who completely different people ,  were nothing more than the same character in this film .   with the very subtle hints of method man being smarter ,  nothing could separate the equality of these two characters .   that is why they failed as a comic team .   think of matthau and lemmon or the above example of cheech & chong ,  what made these teams work while the how high team crashed and burned ?   what worked the best were the differences that uniquely drew the pair together .   their differences made us laugh and sympathetically brought them together ,  but with method man and redman ,  they were the same .   i was watching the same two characters fight through the same two challenges in this film .  what tried to be funny instead transformed into repetitive .   what dylan did to counter the similarity between redman/method man was bring in obscure secondary characters that added nothing to the flimsy plot or helped us feel emotion for our two main characters .   the clich jock ,  the clich frat boy ,  the clich asian  ( which was again another racist moment )  ,  and the clich rich white boy ,  just felt and were old .   watch college films from the 70s and you will see these same combinations ,  but what makes the films from the 70s different is that they used them with originality .   how high ,  from beginning to end ,  was anything but original .i must admit ,  after watching this film of which harvard was willing to loan their name to ,  i don't want to go to harvard .   they should have pondered the effects this film would have upon their prestige heritage .   how high is a dark spot in harvard's history .   do you know what makes it even worse ?   this film wasn't even created at or anywhere near harvard .   again ,  dylan was cutting corners to create a false sense of realism that continued to hurt this film .   how high has no redeeming qualities .   ooops ,  i stand corrected .   the only smile that was ever created on my face during this film was when spalding gray spoke .   how did they get him and fred willard to do this film ?   i have said it once ,  i will say it again ,  some actors just need their bills paid .   inconsistency ,  incompetence ,  and aggravation seemed to be the hidden themes of this dud .   what destroyed this film further is that if you take the actors away and look at the story in general ,  it is nothing .   there is no original story at all with how high .   going to college ,  working for your grades ,  winning over the heart of the president right at the last minute - this was nothing short of a  " cut and paste "  film that had no backbone and horrid acting !i do not like jesse dylan's style of directing .   while i think kicking and screaming is his prized film  ( due greatly to will ferrell )  ,  all of his films seem to be extremely choppy with the editing and are randomly interjected with an overdose of unnecessary scenes .   the john adams scene in how high is a prime example .   the benjamin franklin moments is another .   the unconcluded  " truth serum "  can be considered another .   how high was just scene after scene of inconsistency .   lumpy oatmeal would win first place before this film would ever be congratulated !   i blame a majority of the issues with this film on jesse dylan .   if he would have tightened the script ,  created unique and  " cult-like "  characters ,  and eliminated the racism ,  he may have had the quintessential  " weed "  film in hollywood .   now ,  all he has is a violent case of the munchies and nothing to show for .   sad .overall ,  this was one of the worst films that i have witnessed .   never have i been so emotionally charged about the racist moments in this film as i have with how high .   the actors ,  all around ,  were horrible .   the story had no legs to stand on and it became very obvious after the opening credits that unless you were either 10 to 15 years of age ,  this film would never be considered a comedy .   nothing was funny .   nothing will make you laugh .   the only part worth enjoying in this film is the ending credits .   the ending credits give you a chance to walk away and forget this part of your cinematic life .grade :  * out of ****
talentless people and garbage music  torture you in this turkey-in no time flat , you'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming  " make it stop !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  "  out into the yard . do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense
pearl jam seem to be making a comeback witht their live performances at present ,  but this dvd shows the band at a less than impressive peak .they all look like they're pretty bored  ( especially compared with their previous shows )  and have eaten to much throughout the tour before going on stage .a good dvd to avoid
ok ,   i'll addmit this had some pretty stunning moments here and there but other than that this was a yawn .   this film is trying to jump on the japanese horror bandwagon .   it really doesn't take a genius to figure out this plot .   i mean as soon as the main actress enterred the cabin and heard her husband in the next room i turned to my girlfreind and told her the whole film's plot and sure enough i was right on the money ,  only i thought it would of ended 20 minutes earlier but oh no ,  it had to keep going and going .  .  . just end allready ,  i get it !
i have been a huge fan of l .  m .  montgomery's work since i was an eleven-year old girl living in the caribbean .   i've read and re-read ,  and re-read her stories again and again ,  and can't seem to get enough .   the first two film installments in the anne of green gables story are warm ,  beautiful ,  funny ,  inspiring and moving pieces of work ,  that are more or less faithful to montgomery's original novels .the third installment is a travesty .anachronism ,  bad dialogue ,  bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this  " sequel "  .   i say  " sequel "  in quotes ,  because the thing i dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what montgomery had envisioned for anne so long ago .   what a way to end it .that said ,  i've decided to purchase only the first two installments ,  and leave the third alone .   i prefer to have anne and gilbert live out their literary lives in my imagination ,  than to poison my memory of them with the drivel that is anne of green gables :  the continuing story
i can't even begin to tell how bad this movie is .  it just rolls around in its own excess and asked us to play stupid and just follow along .  i sold this one the day after i bought it
don't buy this junk , it is nothing more than trailers for 50 movies that the makers have deamed as the  " worst "  .  like another review said just look up a list somewere !  !
it is a pity that a wonderful picture is demerited by roger moore' performance .  her's good for a dandy ,  in the continent ,  but in this film he is not convincing at all .  he is verry debonnaire ,  like he is just sipping tea in great britain . thus ,  the film becomes stiff and you don't believe it .  the other actors simply try to do something ,  like a farce .  it is a pity to see the great richard burton in such role .eugenia lizald
i can't imagine why madonna ,  janet jackson ,  or michael jackson's vma performances were not included in this dvd .   the most influential artists in videos and performance were excluded .   i don't understand .   it is a travesty .   i hope mtv releases more of the vma performances with madonna ,  janet ,  and michael .   i'll buy this one in hopes they will release a really great complilation of vma performances
this was so messy and mr .  dorrington so over the top inhi self promotion .  yuk .  !  .  . my partner and i were disgusted .he and his deceased friend/photographer are the rotten people who enter jungle animal habitats and cause the animals so much stress as to charge at them and these creeps can take photographs and brag-degenerates for sure . too damn bad for your buddy .  it was obvious this was not quite of the caliber daring/bold/ and challenging as some of herzogs past films .  we have been fans for 20+ years .  looks like he did it for the money and dorrington rodeherzogs coatails in  a way .  geez .  . i had just watched march of the penguins and wings of migration and those !  are truly documentaries made by film experts .  the babbling and rambling on in the white diamond made me pity herzog .  he did it for the $ maybe . dorrington yammers on and on in such a disgusting way i suggest you turn the sound off and fast forward to the end shotsof the waterfall and the swifts .  hey dorrington-who cares about you ?  herzog .  . get out of california before you rot
i have still not received this product and am being bounced from staff to staff by dhl global mail .this is a ridiculous and unacceptable situation .i will never use amazon again ,  i feel cheated
the beginning is very well done ,  then the only interesting parts are the cat-and-mouse between jude law and ed harris .   the rest of the film is bad ,  i'd say .  luckily ,  i recorded it from tv .  it is now erased .   ( by the way ,  one of the amazon reviewers who also disliked the film wrote that bob hoskins is american .  he's from england .
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors ,  thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating .  but this film showed two desperate ,  middle-aged strangers  ( with all their flaws abundantly clear )  meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters .  the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the  " desperate "  ,  tawdry ,  pathetic feel of their relationship .  naturally ,  one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner ,  one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters :  sooner or later ,  anonymity is not good enough anymore .
3 short films ?  !  ?  !  ?  thats it ?  ?  i feel severly ripped off even after i picked this up used !   it feels like the skits that didnt make creephow 1 were mushed together onto this .  chief wooden head isnt scary at all .  if you think that is scary ,  you are easily frightened .  the raft is defiantely the best on here by far .  that blob thing does creep me out i shall admit .  especially the ending to it !  !  the hitchhiker is so stupid i felt moronic for viewing this .  there is nothing scary or funny about a bloody zombie that says  " thanks for the ride lady "  over and over .  i just want to know why anchor bay released a stellar edition if this heap of scrap when they could have done creepshow 1 instead .  that one is better .two stars for  " the raft "if only they all held up like that story .  .
i'll cut to the meta-chase since plot and story have already been well outlined in previous reviews .  .  .the basic message of this film seems to be that state controlled  " education "  is worthy of resurrection and total dictatorship is the way to achieve it .  though the latter point is probably true ,  the former is questionable indeed .  why try and save an obviously moribund and mindless system of government indoctrination from its own demise ?  don't blame the kids ,  you have only to look at the state of the world to see the utter failure that so-called educated people have already created everywhere ,  with world fascism now its ultimate fruitage ,  and the kids at some level know it .  .  . clearly we urgently need a new vision of education altogether ,  but this film only asks us to glorify what has already died .  .  .
the fridays gang steals some diamonds .   mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be .   his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve .   plus ,  everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i don't know where to begin .   whatever you do don't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something
oh man ,  this is really  (  .  .  .  )  !  !  !i rent this dvd , i really ,  really glad ,  i rented it didn't buy this crap !  i thought this series of ghost stories come from j-horrors .  would be real shocking and scary , gory .  that's what u expected from j-horror !  !  .  . it was looks like our twilligt zone series was made for tv have silly special effects .  . kind of slow pasted stories little silly suspense here and there .  . just lame !  wasn't scary at all !  .   .  definitely skip this ,  it just wasting time and money ,  i was wondering another review from  " thom "  did he really saw this movie or someone told him about it ?   .  . he gave this movie 5 stars ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  lol !  !  u trippin dude !  !  . b
i bought this back in october of 2006 .   can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed ?   i returned this item for a refund and won't be buying it again until paramount fixes the sound issues .   parts of the show are very quiet ;  i had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog .   then ,  a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers .   this happens multiple times per episode .   repeat this for six hours .   if i wanted this kind of quality ,  i'd just download the episodes off the internet .   there will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed .   i don't know why they can't pay someone $5 . 15 an hour to watch the dvd once before they make 10 million copies
i generally admire jennifer aniston's work so i picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the purchase of two bags of popcorn .   sadly ,  watching the popcorn pop was more interesting than the movie .   if you went to sleep after the first 10 minutes ,  you would't miss much since nothing really happens .   if it's a comedy ,  it isn't funny .  if it's a slice of life ,  the lives are deadly dull .   the emotional level is so low-key you suspect the entire group is on valium .   jenifer aniston especially ,  seems to have phoned this one in .real characters ?   as it happens ,  i've known thousands of real people over the years and not a one bears the slightest resemblance to any of these sad-sack characters .   if they're actually representative of real americans then we're in big trouble !   my wife & i had the same reaction at the end of this one  .  .  .  .  .   " that " s it ?  ?  !  !  "
maybe i'm spoiled by big-budget sci-fi films ,  but i thought this movie kind of stunk .  it felt and looked like a tv movie and wasn't scary ,  at all .  the best/funniest part was how no one could remember the one lady's name or face ,  and everyone described her the same way-- " the one with the glasses .  "   " oh ,  her--haven't seen her .  "  lol
this straight-to-video's modest budget is attested to by the fact that while most of the action is supposed to take place at a large state prison ,  this prison only seems to house about 12 inmates .  the plot is that old but reliable one about a man posing as a prisoner so he can go  " undercover "  and solve a crime .  the crime in this case is not especially interesting and it's resolved in much too pat a fashion .  however ,  leading man tommy lee thomas looks good with his shirt off ,   ( though he seems too small to be throwing his weight around )  ,  and there's a torture scene ,   ( modeled on the one in  " lethal weapon "  )  ,  in which he's hanged by his wrists and zapped with electric shocks .  mr .  thomas' performance may not be of oscar caliber but he does know how to yell .
the original  " candyman "  sucks so bad ,  but everybody praises it and i kept wondering to myself ,   " am i missing something ?  "   so ,  i tried watching it again and it still sucked as i could not even get through it ,  so i figured maybe i should watch the sequels and maybe i would find something that i liked about this series .   well ,  after watching  " candyman 2 "  ,  one becomes cognizant that this series is just full of rubbish .  .  . again ,  the social overtones and politically correct notions present in this series make the movie absurd in the extreme .   the villain in  " candyman "  makes me want to laugh because he is so not scary .  .  . if you want a good laugh ,  watch the  " candyman "  series ,  but if you want to be scared ,  you would even do better to watch  " ren and stimpy "  .   in all seriousness ,  watch  " halloween "  and  " halloween ii "  if you want to see a good slasher and horror movie that really produces the goods and doesn't try to send a social message .  lol .   some people call  " candyman 2- farewell to the flesh "  a horror movie .  .  . i just call it rubbish
this movie is for liberals what the left behind book series is for christian conservatives ,  it portrays reality how they want to see it .  its like they wanted to make a good story but tried too hard to cram as much pc political propaganda in as possible and ended up ruining it .  entertaining in some parts but pretty dumb overall imo
michael moore filmed this propaganda , partially financed by the united auto workers ,  to distract attention from the real reason gm was forced to shutter plants - the japanese auto invasion ,  made possible by  gm's unhealthy cost structure .  the  company was burdened with exorbitant uaw wages ,  something union friendly michael moore does his best to conceal .  so roger smith becomesthe reason for the plant closings .  years of losses at gm have shown moore's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney  uaw sponsored lies to  shift attention away from theprimary role played by the uaw in the death spiral of the automakers .  moore and others pretend gm management had dropped the ball ,  but gm lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff ,  let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain .  all of gm's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the uaw albatross - slow redesign cycles ,  lack of money for research ,  you name it .   moore will never mention how the uaw has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years andhow now that consumers have a choice ,  they find the better value in asian autos .  nobody wants to pay a uaw worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor .  the uaw has fixed labor prices for long enough .  enough is enough and mooreis shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a  " documentary .  "
i saw this in the theatre and tried to fall asleep becuase it was so dull .  true story
francisco was right ,  this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust .the review on the back of the dvd says  " jaw dropping ,   "  but the full quote probably reads  " jaw dropping  ( because i was lulled to sleep like a baby )  "  .  there is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage ,  in the zombie attack scenes ,  but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie .  the rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters ,  ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant  " evil side of human nature "  message that would be better left to jean renoir  ( or even adam sandler considering the results here )  .  i don't watch zombie movies for the characters ,  especially characters so vapid and unengaging .  it seemed like the script writer read a novice's how to pamphlet and said  " yeah ,  it needs some conflict "  .  if these characters weren't so constipated and bloated i'd give them a chance .  one amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of  " social commentary ,  "  but that's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully .  it wasn't .   you'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass .  the critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing ,  and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director's real talent ,  which is  ( you guessed it )  the lovely undead .  the rest is monotonous dreck .    i don't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man's dramatic rags .all that aside ,  the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies .  a horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself ,  but the cut-away at the end makes you wanna kick the director in the gonads .  sorry ,  but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron .
hey genius .  good job ruining the end of the movie for anyone who hasn't seen it .  like ,  say ,  my five year old and eight year old children .  it's a miracle if i can even get them to sit still for five minutes ,  and now that they know the ending to this film ,  there's no way they're ever going to agree to go to bed tonight .  thanks a bunch .  ever heard of the internet before ?  you must be a first time user .
i cannot get thru this one .   i started fast-forwarding but there didn't appear to have any good spots .   when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this ,  i thought ,  this has to be good .   i had just finished a movie where he starred .   can't remember the name of it .   i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it .   tori spelling is well known ,  but not to me .   someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start .   she does not play a flake very well ,  and i don't know what to call her except a flake .   i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot ,  but with tori spelling as one of the leads ,  i already know this one does not have a prayer .   i would say ;  save your money on this one unless you are under 13 .   i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that don't .   this one falls into this category .  one that came with this one was  " the broken hearts club "  and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage .
wow ,  what a bore .  the old stock footage is uneven and doesn't show enough of the truck .  other footage was taken on the fly when someone happened to have a camera on the street .  the song is ok ,  but once that's over my son walks away .  why would a child who loves trucks walk away ?  because some guy's voice  ( which sounds like it's in an echo chamber )  comes on talking about a bunch of stuff he can't see on the screen .  what's on the screen ?  more garbage stock footage .  this looks and sounds like it was slapped together in someone's basement
this movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portrayingthe gospel of john beautifully through the movie - and slapping yahushua/jesusand serious scholars in the face with the other hand .   the so-called  " scholarly "comments ,  for example about how the gospel was written 200 years after the events ,  are by and largeintellectually dishonest and quite simplyinaccurate .   even the lowliest of bible scholars ,  if honest ,  will realize this .it is very sad to see people making a buck off the bible ,  while trying to tearit down at the same time .   the worst examples of scripture put downs are in the 3rddvd .   i gave the movie to a relative without that add on
okay i admit ,  they had a shoesrting budget and did most if not all the work on the weekends with the help of friends .  heres my problem ,  they could have at least paid more attention to the focus of the camera ,  most of the scenes were blurry ,  every now and again the focus was clear ,  i mean c'mon ,  when i was fourteen i made a short stop motion animation film using an old bell and howell super 8 cam and even then i paid attention to the focusing . okay enough of that ,  now for the pros of the film .  the make-up fx were good and there is one scene that will make most men wince ,  the outdoor and some indoor settings had a notld feel .  overall i recomend at least checking it out and make up your own minds ,  at least you can say you saw it .  rent if you can ,  if not ,  buy used
this is definitely the best new anime series on the shelves .   the storyline is great ,  but this should have been the last dvd .   things are getting noticeably dragged out at this point and what really steams me is getting only 3 episodes on this disc after paying over $20 .   that's bogus .   dvds can fit way more episodes on a single disc ,  and it's a rip off the way anime is being marketed lately .   the cowboy bebop series had 5 episodes per disc at the start ,  then dropped down to 4 .   now it's just getting worse .   at this point i'm starting to regret buying the stand alone complex series instead of renting it .   i am going to buy volume 7 to see how things turn out ,  though .   throughout the series i think disc 4 was my favorite
pearl jam used to be good ,  now they're just a joke and this dvd shows it .do not buy this its awful .they were great until after 1998
for years ,  i've bemoaned the switch from film to digital video for low-budget horror movies ,  but i'd rather watch anything shot on video than watching the waste of film that is dead life .  don't be fooled when i say this movie is shot on film .  it seriously looks like it was shot on a 1950s 8mm camera .  it's perpetually grainy ,  dark ,  fuzzy ,  and shaky ,  and not in an artsy way .  my $200 video camera looks infinitely better than this .  the video quality is appropriate ,  however ,  as it's matched in wretchedness by every other facet of this stink-fest .  the sound is murky and undecipherable ,  the acting is strictly amateur hour ,  the characters are paper-thin with no distinction or purpose ,  the story is non-existent ,  the dialogue is a completely worthless bore ,  there's nothing remotely scary ,  and the special effects  ( including a couple of computer effects that look like they were made on a commodore 64 )  are laughable .  or ,  at least ,  i wish they were laughable .  that would've at least made for some sort of enjoyment instead of the utter torture of this  ( high school )  student film .  it's movies like this -- cheap and devoid of any real effort to uphold the horror legacy ,  but which get cherry spots on blockbuster shelves because they're packaged with slick cover art -- that give horror movies in general  ( and zombie movies in particular )  a bad name ,  and that make horror fans so wary .  disgraceful !
all these shows are the syndicated ones . there are at least 3 min cut from each show . sony sucks big time for releasing edited shows .  not the first time (  see soap , other seasons of good times )  . brought mine back and got a refund
there is a coliseum video about the world heavyweight title .  the tape ends when hogan was champ on his first reign .  that tape is great .  gorilla moonsoon with the commentary .  the jr commentary doesn't make this garbage any better .  the matches are like de ja vu let me think yes i have seen these before .  because these matches are on each and every other dvd .  the extras on the dvd show the split seconds each title change .  i really mean each clip has to be about 5 or 6 seconds .  i know these matches were supposedly decided by the fans .  i know i voted .  were the votes counted in florida  ?  there are a million other matches that could have been on this dvd .   i got the first disc from netflix because i was not going to buy it .  some may say  " he is crazy it was great "  .  maybe for you it is .  i have seen all of that before .  i wanted this dvd to learn something new about that history .  there are no perspective segments or interviews .  just overrated jr running his yap over matches he never called .  i want to hear the real commentary with jesse not jr .  but wwe screwed that up .  there are a lot of things just wrong about wrestling now .  .  . oh i mean entertainment .  it's garbage now .  wwe has put out some good dvds its just they did a crappy job on this one .  hitman ,  jake roberts ,  road warriors ,  monday night etc etc .  the dvds about the old days are the only things i look forward to because their current product is garbage .  so when the thing i look forward to is as luckluster as this dvd sorry if i get a little ticked off .  experienced wrestling fan get it on netflix or borrow it and go and get the coliseum video if you can find it .  rookie fan it would be informative to you .
this has got to be one of the worst ,  most unrealistic movies to date .  i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are they done well .  this one ,  however ,  takes it to a whole new level .  what was courtney love thinking ?  !you'll regret wasting your money on this .  i can't even fathom why it's gotten decent reviews so far
american pie :  an immature ,  mindless ,  vapid ,  boring ,  blandly disgusting ,  humor lacking piece of over-rated trash packed full of cliches ,  highschool sterotypes ,  annoying horny teenaged behavior performed by a wonderful cast of grade a douchebags .
from start to finish a total waste of time .   i viewed this movie with some of the single women from my church including a recently married woman ,  we were all appalled at how desparate this  " pamela "  was note to the director not all women waiting on god are that desparate .   the so called christian principals in this movie were laughable .   at the end of the movie i found myself apologizing to my guests for wasting their time
i am still awaiting receiving dora the explorer meets diego .  .  .  .  .  .  . i have ordered it twice once before christmas and kept updating my order to ship when received and then i ordered it later and canceled the original order because it looked like it was available and then i got a delay again .  .  .  .  .  .  . if you have any update on when this will be in and shipped i would really like to know .  .  .  .  .  . everything else that i have odered and has come from toys r us through amazon i have been very pleaase with .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
action director john woo's first attempt at making a good american action movie fails with jean claude van damme  ( bloodsport ,  sudden death )  on board as the lead hero who jumps over police cars ,  punches venomous snakes in the head ,  hops on motorcyles balancing himself on it while he flips over a truck and lands on the ground .  .  . kicking a gasoline tank at a guy while he shotgun blasts it and soving a grenade down the pants of evil bad ass lance henriksen  ( near dark ,  the terminator )  .  hey ,  when isnt henriksen a evil son of a bitatch ?  yancy butler  ( drop zone )  is van dammes love interest protecting her from the villains trying to kill him and wilfrod brimley  ( tv's walker ,  texas ranger )  plays van damme's southern fried canjun uncle who rides horses and shoots arrows with his bow while trotting off after his country house blows up .  all in all ,  it doesnt become the worst movie ever made ,  its only presence if the style john woo brings to his action scenes .  .  . his lingo in the art of which he creates .  also starring arnold vosloo  ( the mummy and the mummy returns )  as henriksen's right hand man .  ah ,  gotta love the scene where van damme has sexual chemistry with the snake while punching it ou
rather than give another general review as others have kindly done ,   my review focuses on one aspect of the film ,  indeed one character ,  that of martha .martha dunstock is known throughout the film as martha dumptruck .  even the film credits include the nickname `dumptruck' besides the character's surname  ( evidently feeling the need to labour the point )  .  portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given ,  she unwittingly provides the slater character with information enabling him to murder a student .  later ,  when the cult status of the `suicides'  ( that is ,  murdered students )  becomes apparent ,  martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic .  but her attempt is shown as a failure .  at the end of the film martha is bruised and now disabled ,  in an electric wheelchair .  ryder's character ,  having finished her voyage of self-realisation ,  rejects the school prom night and instead invites martha to stay in with a video and popcorn .  martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show ryder walking along the corridor while martha encircles her like a planet around the sun .the image of martha in her wheelchair ,  an object of pity for ryder and for the audience ,  signifies to us fears of being different ,  of not being beautiful ,  of not being loved and respected .  martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming .  she is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker .  and though some of us in the audience may be fat ,  or disabled ,  or both ,  we may yet still fear martha ,  and are invited to consider ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own ,  even is in physical and social reality ,  we are more like martha .for this reason ,  `heathers' fails as an exploration of the `hell' of high school  (  a description often used by buffy/angel/ firefly's joss whedon )  .  those in the audience not as thin and complying with western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists  ( probably the majority of us )  ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow ,  leaving a bitter after-taste .  the way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable ,  transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers .  sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the western world decided to wage a 'war on fat'  ( to quote paul campos )  - and even at best it is lazy film-making .
for me this movie is a painfull thing to watch .  i wish that i could give this 0 stars .  the infamous fake  " o "  scene kind of recked true intamacy for me .  it may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable .one of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with .just fyi .
i remember loving this movie and all of its silliness .  i recently made it a nostalgia purchase and realized-it isn't that great .  but my 6 year old loved it and continues to watch it all the time .  my child is now a weird al fanatic .  .  . and i am ok woth that
don't get me wrong  :  i'm a fierce anti-communist .  but the stupidity of this movie is just unbearable .  all the american clichs about russians and ussr are reunited here ,  and it should be studied at school as an example of gross caricature .  the ridiculous russian language imitations ,  the dissenters presented as  " freedom soldiers "  ,  whereas a child knows today they never used violence as a mean to achieve their goals ,  the jews presented as traitors  ( the scientist's wife looks like ethel rosenberg )  the idea of stealing so easily such a weapon ,  the reaction of secretary general  ( and not premier )  ,  to send another firefox ,  whereas he could just use this incident to accuse the united states of stealing .  .  .  if you should see an intelligent cold war movie ,  check out white nights  ( it's a shame it isn't on dvd yet )  or the 7th protocol ,  far more intelligent than this gross ,  highly unprobable childish parody .  the chase  " star wars like "  scene is way too long and looks dated today .  clint eastwood ,  shame on you
leeches is a terrible movie .   dude ,  i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life  ( except the director's other film speed demon )  .   when the guys were less clothes than the gals ,  thats not a good sign .   the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director's work .they're all filled with loads of homoeroticism .   women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks .   the 'roided up leeches enter their  " male "  victims through anal orrifices .   after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off .why does this guy fool people into renting these movies .   i don't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it's time to draw the line .   no hetro relationships in this one .   just the director molesting his male stars with his camera .horrible stuff ,  stay away from david decoteau's work and his fifty different aliases  ( unless you know what you're in for )
and that is boring and snobish !   i watched the first two hours of this and coudn't keep awake .   the narritor's voice was monotone .  i wanted to shout at his pompous ,  snobish demeanor shut up !  !   in my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god's peoples .  with the narritor ,  granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko .  when you take people on a educating journey  ( such as nine hours long )  invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home .  i felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like i was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours .  i am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this dvd set back to the library and saying  " check please "  .
i have four kids ,  boys and girls ,  ages 3 to 8 .   we all love hot wheels ,  world race .   we previewed the first acceleracer movie ,  and were very disappointed !   i agree that perhaps it is targeted to some older kids ,  but that leaves a void for the younger ones .   why do the characters have huge ,  unnatural feet and arms  ( not to mention lani's breast augmentation )  ?   lani now looks like a streetwalker ,  taro  ( my favorite )  like a cheap hood ,  and what happened to marky ?   the themes have turned dark ,  the behavior  ( street racing ,  violence ,  nastiness )  provides an incredibly poor example .   a movie that was very safe and innocuous has turned into a minefield for my children .   i disagree with some reviewers that the kids  " don't pay attention "  to those parts .  .  . we will not let our kids watch this trash !   my kids and their parents are mystified at why such a good thing was allowed to go so far down .   we told them it is rated pg  ( i agree with that reviewer )  and they might watch it when they are older .   parents beware--do not trust materials marked for children to necessarily be appropriate
i saw this movie in the theater and was amazed at how quiet it was in there !  since i was bored ,  i found myself looking at other people there to see if i could get a read on what they were thinking ,  and after it was over i asked my friend what he thought .  he said ,   " oh ,  it was okay "  but didn't elaborate .  so let me :  it was painfully unfunny ,  with jokes or punchlines that fell flat ,  horrible acting ,  totally predictable ,  and very forgetable .  this is a movie you might want to rent only if you're really bored and nearly every other movie is out .  and even then ,  you'd be better off to go home empty handed .  there's not even much eye candy to recommend ,  which is a nice fallback if there's nothing else going for it .  how people could give this movie anything more than 1 star is puzzling .  just because you like a movie shouldn't mean you give it 5 stars ,  especially when it's as bad as this one .  i mean ,  i liked freddy vs jason ,  but there's no way i'd give that movie 4 or 5 stars .  this is bottom of the barrel
i am confused - does anyone know who owns this dvd whether this chinese film the road home is in french audio only for this sony dvd ?  it's not in mandarin ,  cantonese or any other chinese dialect ?  the answer will determine whether i buy it or not .
we were disappointed in this dvd and thought it was a waste of money .  we did not learn anything new .    they went through things quickly ,  everything was so basic ,  things that are mainly common sense .   i felt this was a big huge waste of money ,  and is now in the trash
i've been had is all i can say ,  after reading other reviews i really thought this would be an interesting ,  exciting movie .  instead ,  the story is lame ,  the acting is pretty pathetic and it is so not scary or at least gripping .  i watched the whole thing as i thought maybe i am missing something ,  but no there is no twist thats worth mentioning as the whole movie is predictable from beginning to end .  sorry guys ,  but this is nowhere near ,  audition ,  tale of two sisters or even whispering corridors
while it may be true that the  " camera doesn't lie ,  "  when you take 600+ hours of footage and edit them down to 6 ,  you have a lot of leaway to manipulate .   immediately after finishing the film ,  i would have given this movie 4 stars .   it's very well crafted and kept my wife and me fascinated for all eight episodes .   after we finished watching it ,  however ,  we wanted to know more ,  so we started gathering information from other sources .   very quickly ,  we discovered that we had been conned .   jean-xavier de lestrade clearly knew what would make a compelling story ,  and he crafted the footage to tell that story .   unfortunately ,  it doesn't appear to be the real story .   we felt so betrayed .   we'd spent 6 hours watching what was purported to be the truth only to discover that huge amounts of evidence had not been shown  ( much less explained )  and that the documentary clearly was more spin that revelation .   if you want to see a well-made film that will keep you amazed and guessing ,  definitely see this film .   if you want to see something that reflects reality ,  i would look elsewhere
not as good as the first one and pretty forgetable .  .  .  . it has none of the  " living comic book "  charm that i loved in the first one .  that and there are only three stories and more animation .  only the blob in the water one was worth watching .  if you see it ,  watch for the joint that the blonde guy pulls out of nowhere after swimming to the raft in a speedo !  funny .  romero and king seemed to not be as enthused as they were when making the first one .i just didnt like it .  .  . skip it and get the first one
let me just start by saying that i don't own  " the chosen collection "  but that i do own the original releases of all seven seasons .why review this then ?quite frankly ,  i believe the combined sets to be a waste of money .  i have seen the reviews of this set done by fellow reviewers ,  and it is was my experience that that the boxes for the previous sets are not much different than this - they are as flimsy as this set is ,  and just as breakable .the set's discs appear the same as the previous editions ,  probably a rehash from leftover sets .  a bonus disc may be the only redeeming factor ,  but since i don't own it ,  i haver never seen it .i spent my money on  " buffy the vampire slayer "  once ,  and once is enough for me .  buffy is a endearing series ,  but why throw away dvd sets just to have them  " return "  from the garbage
i watched about fifeteen minutes before i got enough .   it was so un-biblical it was insulting .   besides that ,  it's a bore
one of the worst movies i've ever seen ,  no real plot and acting is as bad as it can get .  not even samuel jackson's appearance saves this sorry excuse for a movie .  horrible .  awful
i have to say i had no expectations going into this movie ,  i watched it with an open mind ,  ready for anything .  what i got was movie that not only managed to make me want to go to wales ,  but also made me want to wail for hours because it was a waste of time .  i am just confused about the whole thing really ,  the plot the characters the ending .  .  .  .  . i see other reviews on here about how  " creepy "  it was ,  and i just didn't feel that .  what i felt was an extreme hatred of the main woman played by maria bello  ( who i have never thought had a face or talent for acting )  what they tried to do was take some made up legend of an otherworldly plane ,  where the dead go ,  and we can get the dead back if we give something living .  the daughter is whisked away like penelope taken to hades but with much less interesting results .  the mother and father ,  now have to take care of a displaced spirit child ,  her haunted freaky father ,  and a bunch of sheep that just need to be shorn and turned into a nice ikea blanket for me .   are we supposed to care for this mother who hits her daughter ,  goes out and parties to the extreme enough to where the father abandons his family to go live amongst the obviously nave and gullible local folks ?   ( who worships in an abattoir ?  c'mon people )  none of these folds deserved children ,  much less a ghost one .  so when the mother realizes that she sucks ,  and decides to make the ultimate sacrifice to get her daughter out of underworld foster care i didn't really care ,  i was thinking the girl was much better off .  i was also bothered by the girls attempted suicide and the fact that the father had no idea about it ,  what mother is so selfish that she keeps something so horrible from the father ,  because her daughter asked her too ?  um ,  maybe what's wrong in this family is that no one communicates !  !  !  !  !  oh ,  wait ,  they all flipping know morse code so that's enough ?  !  ?  !  there aren't any genuine scares ,  and sheep with glowing eyes aren't scary unless you happen to like eating lamb chops and feel guilty about it .  the ending  ,  both of them ,  didn't leave a good feeling or bad or even tie things all together ,  it felt rushed .  i don't understand hollywood's obsession right now with creepy children ,  it's an echo of the days of  " the bad seed "  and  " the omen "  but not homage ,  more like terrible copycats with no  " oomph "  .  so see this movie if you like sean bean ,  he is the only good thing about it ,  other than that see it to cheer when maria bello hurls herself off a cliff .
let me start by saying if you are considering purchase of this film ,  make your own decision as to if you will purchase it .  this is simply my opinion of the film .  this movie has horrible fight scenes that don't appear to be martial arts at all .  basically ,  van damme is in another film which does not capitalize on his martial arts abilities ,  and forces him into a stiff choreographed position .  they found some buff guys ,  okay ,  big deal .  they put them in a film ,  and say that they are super soldiers with extra ordinary skills .  these guys don't have that .  vin diesel has far better choreography by himself .  i have said this about other films and i will say it about this one as well .  the cast & crew benefited from the production of this film ,  so it doesnt affect them .  they go home happy believing they did a good job .  you ,  the consumer ,  you go and see it on the shelf and recognize a star on the cover and consider buying it .  wrong move as for this film .  you will waste money that could have been put into your retirement ,  or used to buy your children school paper as they educate themselves .  save that money and put it where it belongs .  this is not worth your cash
i hate to trash on an american classic .  .  .  but this was truly horrible .   i thought my son would like this due to the flying car .   it took hours of torture to get to that scene .   horrible ,  horrible film .   mindless ,  drawn-out banter ,  and weak story line .   our copy eventually broke  ( stepped on ?  )  --- we felt sooo lucky to have it gone .    " one star "  seems like a generous rating
i absolutely abhor this film .  want to know why ?  because it labled 'valley of the dolls' and everything jacqueline susann ever wrote into 'great campy fun' .  now i don't know this for certain ,  but i don't think jacqueline susann wanted people to see her books as cheesy comedies .  i think she wanted people to take her work seriously ,  and with this awfully made film ,  no one did .  to others ,  the film might be so bad it's funny ,  but to devoted fans of the book it's just depressing .  the movie was made in 1967 ,  a year after the book was published and you can see that jacqueline susann was ahead of her time ,  because the film is poorly adapted and very censored .  you know you have a problem when the book would receive an r rating if transferred onto the screen ,  but the movie is only rated pg .  besides the sex scenes ,  language ,  pill popping and other thematic elements that are left out ,  important details to the plot are also missing .  anne's hatred of lawrenceville ,  helen lawson's screen time ,  jennifer's complicated and somewhat absuive relationship with tony ,  allen and gino cooper ,  henry's character development ,  jennifer's relationship with the senator  ( and the reason she committs suicide )  ,  the tragic ending ,  etc are all either missing or are shortened down .  i don't care if the movie would have been almost three hours long ,  i think if they had stuck close enough to the book ,  then everything would have been fine .  what a shame .  and please don't mention the casting of actors .  save for patty duke ,  i thought everyone else did a horrible job .  some of the actors didn't even look the physical part  ( in the book anne is actually a blonde ,  helen lawson has dark hair and jennifer is curvy )  .  the thing that really gets me though is why has this film never been remade ?  it's almost forty years later ,  and i think that this story definately deserves to be given justice and have a proper film adaptation .  how about kate bosworth as anne welles ,  scarlett johansson as jennifer north ,  keira knightly as neely o'hara ,  joaquin phoenix as lyon burke ,  and liza minnelli as helen lawson ?  well i doubt that will ever happen ,  so in the meantime i recommend reading the book instead ,  and taking it seriously the way jacqueline susann had intended it to be
i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout ,  i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it .  it go's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it ,  but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right .  there are better ones out there than this ,  but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
funny and very inspirational .  good way to encourage young teenagers to build self esteem .  if there's a will ,  there's a way .  anyone can dance
.  .  .  . for several reasons .   apparently ,  the other online reviewers are extremely over-analytical in their critiques of this film .   the dvd's jacket has a quote from rolling stone .  .  .  " think 'sex and the city' with men !  "   well ,  i say ,   " think again .  "    as an avid watcher of  " sex and the city "  ,  this film has little if any comparison to satc .   firstly ,  this film is not a comedy .   there were very small instances when i kind of chuckled ,  but could barely muster a real laugh .   actually ,  towards the end of the film there is so much constant screaming and fighting that i kept hitting fast forward on the remote  ( those of you who regularly depend on reviews for movie choices know exactly what i mean here !  )  .   the characters are presented in a confusing fashion with only snippets and glimpses into each person's life .   these disjointed glimpses don't give the viewer time or depth to care what happens to any of the spoiled rotten characters .   yes ,  they are all bored whether they are in their 30's or their 50's .   yes ,  they all want to break away from the mundane by running away or having affairs .   i usually enjoy movies with this breaking-away-from-boredom type of plot for example .  .  . pane e tulipani  ( bread and tulips )  ,  facing windows  ( also starring giovanna mezzogiorno and a much better film )  ,  under the tuscan sun ,  shirley valentine ,  a month by the lake ,  etc .  the last kiss does not deliver anything near what these other films do ,  however .   the viewer is left with no warm feelings about life's decisions ,  only a twist ending that will make you furious and sick for having spent two hours watching this film
george sluizer's original dutch-french version of the vanishing  ( aka the man who wanted to know )  offers one of european cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths ,  feeling his way one step at a time towards murder .  if you've seen that version ,  you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head ,  but the film had plenty more to offer than that ,  playing with chronology ,  subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes' plot  ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive )  and throwing in some excellent characterization .  i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself ,  but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work .  his career never recovered .chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level .  a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing ,  and this film is the proof of the pudding .  every movement is overly mechanical in its precision ,  making him look like a rusty clockwork toy ,  while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie ,  latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville .  no banality of evil here ,  just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying  " please .  let .  me .  kill .  you .  thank you .  for your .  consideration . 'but the blame really needs to be shared out here .  none of the performances are good :  often ,  they don't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station ,  nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession .  not that they're given any help by either director or writer todd graff .  the script is particularly weak .  the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film .  worse is the rush the film is in ,  draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next .  rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location ,  we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her .  as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a tv cop show' moment - best not go there .  .  .  which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie .  even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score can't do anything for this one .
i went into this movie thinking it would be great to see a film set in the turbulent but interesting history of first settlements in the far north of northern america .  having only really seen pocahontas through the eyes of disney ,  i felt this would be a good chance to see something more significant and engaging on one of histories more interesting events .like other reviewers ,  i found the photography and the scenery to be simply stunning .  visually ,  the film wows the viewer .  the scenes simply amaze with their beauty ,  the sets with their majesty and also rustic simplicity .  coupled with the musical score ,  this was some of the best camera work i have seen in a long time .  this was ,  in my opinion ,  the sole redeeming feature of the film .while the filme attempted to contemplate serious and deep issues of love ,  allegiance and so on ,  it succeeded in only boring the tears out this viewer with the monotonous monologues of the characters done as long lengths of naration .  in one part ,  the plot lost some continuity and needed reviewing to get to grips with what had happened .for actors of the calibre of colin farrell and christian bale ,  this film did not show them at their best .  certainly not the worst i have seen by any stretch ,  but definitely not the best i have seen from either one of these actors .tread with caution on this one ,  and hire it before you buy it .  i am glad i did not spend good money purchasing it .  quite frankly ,  it is a great cure for insomnia
i could barely get through the .  .  . um .  .  . er .  .  . reimagination .  .  . of the childern's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art ,  as usual for a tim burton film ,  the actual movie is hard to watch .  why ?  depp's  " performance "  is chock full of ticks and mannerisms ,  off-putting ,  flat ,  self-absorbed ,  and finally ,  one-note .  rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version ,  burton's film is more horror than fantasy ,  often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare .   while deliberate on burton's part ,  that doesn't make the final product any more watchable .  it's one grim ,  dismal ,  downward spiral slog .  not much holidday fun ,  huh ?  as with most of burton's other big ,  expensive failures ,  he knows how to create a convincing world ,  but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about .   the final result is a film that's like a fragile ,  hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar ,  but hard to get attached to ,  much less involved with .  what a waste of millions of studio $$$
some juvenile delinquent girl gets in trouble with the cops ,  she's sent to gymnastics camp  ( she used to be a sickeningly famous gymnast before she became a worthless slacker )  .   she thinks everything and everyone is really really stupid ,  she does nothing but argue with everyone all the time ,  it's all her parents fault of course because she's perfect ,  her dialogue consists of nothing but smart-aleck remarks that she says in that  " oh so cute "  way that fans of lizzie mcguire may find clever .  .  . good grief .   this is just beyond unwatchable .   even worse is the fact that the lead actress is 24 years old ,  and yet her and everyone else in the whole movie act like a bunch of narcissistic 12 year olds ;   it just grates on your nerves until you're about ready to shove the dvd through the paper shredder .
first off i do not dislike adam sandler ,  i rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film ,  not so much because i like raunchy antics ,  but because of the underlying message .   adam sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this .   you can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting ,  farting etc ,  but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him ,  he is loyal to his fans and to his friends .   ever notice how he always gives jobs to rob schneider and dana carvey ?   no one else does ,  that's a good friend ,  also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich ,  evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films .   he never sinks to there level either ,  perhaps that is why ecn was such a creepy ,  deeply disturbing film ,  i cannot ,  in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies , what was he thinking ?   early on in the film his character ,  a drunken loser ,  belches very loudly in a chinese restaurant  "  ok i go take shower now "  says chinese waiter .   i wanted to take a shower too ,  very soon after that scene .   for starters mr .  sandler seems to  think he is a voice over man ,  he is not .   his idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard .   one can barely understand he is trying to do a character ,  and he barely is .   also he is the voice of at least four of his characters ,  he is equally bad in each .   perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house ,  he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something ,  he coaches the kids basketball team ,  he has been for years ,  and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him ,  he is simply there to be lovable ,  and put upon ,  he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face  ( as is the so-called humor here )  .   the script calls for sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end ,  there is no real motivation for his bazaar ,  cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them .   he starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures ,  a menorah and a christmas thing ,  i forget what it was .   he is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one ,  but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence ,  he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink ,  i can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads ,  surly ,  even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book .   not here .   of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go .   the film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous ,  mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms .   he goes to the basketball game and insults the children ,  ridiculing one boy for being fat ,  the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants  " nice kitty kitty "  he squeaks ,  what the ?  ?  ?  ?  then an angry father gets on sandlers bad side  ( his only side )  and is force fed a jock strap  " i hope you like them extra sweaty "  ho ho ho .   for the next part of the film which seems like eight days ,  crazy or otherwise ,  his house is burned ,  he pushes his benefactor down a hill ,  in a porta potty which freezes feces on him ,  he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him ,  on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth .   we are treated to this twice .   god bless us ,  every one .   by the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs ,  each worse then the last ,  fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad   " if i move my bowls without using the spray .  .  .  . that's a technical foul "  is one of few lines i remember ,  thank you god .   by reading this one might assume ,  as i did ,  that  this is irreverent in the good way ,  poking fun at old christmas standards ,  but it is not .   it is disgusting ,  badly written ,  annoying and very ,  very cruel .   the two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly ,  for no good reason with no motivation or payoff ,  the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand ,  this is not always a bad thing .   of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk ,  a childhood trauma involving a car crash on hanukkah ,  he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after .   the same cannot be said for the audience .   why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate ,  who is the audience ?   there are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place ,  the over all feel of the film is one of depressed sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness .   adam sandler has been loyal to his friends ,  his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was ,  even if it hurt his feelings .   this christmas turkey won't even work as leftovers .   bah humbug
shame on talented actors like maura tierney and jerry orbach for their involvement in this laughably bad mystery movie .   uninspired direction with a trite and convoluted script combine with terrible acting to make a movie that has little to recommend it .    " star " /co-writer john romo is one of the worst leading men to come around the bend in some time ,  and this is his only film ,  and i can see why .   he plays a private investigator who finds himself looking into the murders of several lingerie models whose underwear was designed by tierney ,  who also works in a local factory run by orbach .   dennis christopher shows up as a seedy illegal alien investigator ;  and june lockhart and lyle waggoner lend their names to supporting roles as tierney's estranged parents .   the movie professes to make some statement on the poor treatment of immigrants but it's so shoddily included ,  it makes no statement at all .little heard of movie ;  i can see why
i have seen many pathetic films in my life .  this topped them .  did i rate one star ?  sorry- i meant negative 11 stars .  it was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .  it was a total waste of three hours when i could have been sleeping .  there was no point .  the script and storyline were pathetic .  the gore was overdone- too much blood ,  killing ,  and the like .  it was totally historically inaccurate ,  and the civil war scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable .  all civil war veterans are rolling over in their graves .  any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic .  one of the abolsute bombs was when clint eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time .  and somehow ,  without even aiming the canon ,  he knocks his 'friend' off his horse .the movie is a failure .  f-a-i-l-u-r-e .  crappy .  junky .  just plain dumb .  stupid .  pathetic .i am not going to waste any more words on it .  just .  .  .  . whatever you do .  .  .  . save your money .  don't buy it .  it's not worth 50 cents
i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission )  .  it was a bit of a shock .  the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through .  it also now has a poor voice over .  the whole feel of the film has been removed .  all the pbs .  .  . and viewers like your rubbish ?  where'd that come from .  it was totallly funded via the bbc .  the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else .  my copy is going free as i won't be watching it again .sincerely ,  do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition .  i give it  ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package .  inspiring and well told .  something to watch again and again ( hence i've worn out the video cassette
this really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book ,  if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject .  i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out ,  and i accept that ,  but to completely change the ending is not excusable .  what was wrong with the way the book ended ?  like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them ( even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world )  .  if you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy ,  its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback ,  if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
first let me say that i thought angela's ashes was an absolutely terrific book and frank mccourt fully deserved his pulitzer prize .  this movie was a horrendous let down .  no one involved with the film seemed to have a clue about how to depict real deprivation and poverty .  everything was a hollywood version of suffering and misery ,  from emily watson's pretty red coat standing in for the real angela's gray rag to the beautifully lit irish streets and of course john  " let me tell you how you're supposed to feel right now "  williams' cloying ,  inappropriate music .the acting from the children was great .  they were absolutely the best part of the film .  of course ,  given the constraints of film and the average audience tolerance for unpleasantness such as oozing eyes ,  pimples and bad teeth all the kids were pleasing to look at ,  clear skinned and attractive .  at least they could act !emily watson was given little to do .  robert carlyle was good although alan parker seemed determined to sanitize the ambiguities of mccourt's father by only showing little episodes of drunkeness and thoughtlessness .parker tends to be an extremely literal ,  by-the-numbers director with little understanding of subtlety  ( look what he did in the pink floyd's  " the wall "  )  .  this time he  was clearly given a mandate by the hollywood bigwig producers not to make the film too  " depressing "  or  " grim "  so that audiences would accept it .  the film ends up being a choppy ,  gentrified ,  soulless version of one of the best modern books ever written .   really a shame and a waste of resources .
i consider myself a huge pixar fan .  this is easily the most insipid pixar movie ever .  pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one .  i have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie .  pixar ,  if you are listening ,  please ,  please ,  dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff .  i expect more from you
this dvd has a very bad image and sound .  altought it is a good movie ,  i don't recomend it if you are looking for a charles bronson movie for your collection due to its bad reproduction .  no menu ,  no subtitles ,  no chapter  selection .  i wished i did not buy it
ok ,  i've only just seen this film for the first time ,  so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect ,  but this is not a particularly good film .i mean ,  it has its choice moments where it really comes together .  the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed .  any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status .  samuel jackson's in it .  and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character ,  the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity .but that's really my problem with this film .  serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting .  and they're all here :  the homey black grandparents ,  the nation of islam convert ,  the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road .  .  .  all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth .take the french film 'la haine' ,  for instance .  it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society ,  boyz n tha hood ,  etc .  ,  but its characters actually feel tormented ,  instead of just having lots of scenes written for them to show their torment .  rather than just running through a laundry list of problems ,  one-by-one ,  scene-by-scene ,  it really gets to the heart of something bigger ,  some grander alienation that urban youths feel ,  which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do .  plus ,  if you can believe it ,  the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better .so while i would definitely recommend seeing this film ,  keep the remote aimed and ready ,  finger on the fast-forward button .  maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching ,  whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising .  oh yeah ,  and there's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason .  oh ,  also ,  the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees .  in a film that didn't try to carry so much social weight ,  that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking ,  but it really just cheapens this one
man !  this movie is soooooo boring .  i literally slept through this movie .  if i die not having watched it again ill be happy .    i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs .  old ,  but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wanna cr
i loved the original movie ,  and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome . wrong wrong wrong !  !  first of all ,  the child actors were horrible ,  well the charlie and mike characters were ok ,  but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time .  and what did they do to johnny depp ?  he was so creepy and weird .  i took my nine year old to see it in the theater ,  and even she almost fell asleep .  if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
apparently ,  this is a film that many women ,  who have read the book ,  can make enjoyable .characters ,  including anne & the captain ,  display wooden acting .  poker-faces .  others speak at a clipped pace .  the properness of the times allowed for personality ,  as shown well in  " pride & prejudice "  1996 & 2006 ,  but not here .  shyness ,  plainness ,  or slowness ,  may be portrayed likeably ,  with some personality .both anne & the captain maintain wide-eyed ,  desperate ,  looks ,  constantly .  many of us do get nervous within romance ;  but we are compelled ,  by conversation ,  and activity ,  to interrupt our nervousness with personality .  thus ,  anne's & the captain's constant ,  wide-eyed ,  nervousness is un-natural .  all of us at the age of anne and the captain ,  would have refined our nervousness to be responses of :  shyness ,  thought ,  distance ,  hopefulness ,  approval ,  or alarm .you understand the quiet thoughts ,  because of the story ,  in spite of the confusing ,  paralyzed ,  looks ;  rather than because of them .  you come to like anne and the captain toward the end ,  in spite of the wooden acting ,  because of the story's ending .this film has pretty scenery ;  such as walks along the ocean .  the costumes are often very unique and well done .  there is beautiful singing in one scene ,  and even better ,  wonderful singing over the closing credits .good period ,  romance films are so few ,  and so desired ,  that many women labor to imagine this film better than it is .  i applaud their positive imaginations .  however ,  they continued their fanciful ,  wishful ,  thoughts into rating this film .  a reviewer ,  who liked the film ,  says she had read the book ,  and she cites a huge amount of important background from the book that is not shown in the film .  a poor script for those who have not read the book .  awful directing made awful acting .i would like to see this good story re-made by a better director .well-made romance films are :   " pride & prejudice "  ,   " wives & daughters "  ,   " north & south "  .  fairly made is  " under the greenwood tree "
did nicholson read the script before signing for this movie ?  was he broke that he had to act ?  has he reached senility to accept to play in such a poor scenario ?well ,  as a fan ,  i am totally disappointed .  don't waste your money for this ,  it is not worth
normally i love documentaries .   i've watched hundreds of them and with one exception i have loved them all .   however ,  outfoxed is the single most boring film i have ever seen .a relentless rant against rupert murdoch's cable news station ,  this film could possibly interest someone who is singlemindedly obsessed with fox news ,  but i cannot imagine that anyone on earth is interested enough in fox news to remain awake while watching this movie .watching outfoxed makes me realize what a genius michael moore is .   whether you love him or hate him ,  whether you agree with him or not ,  you have to admit his films are entertaining .   this film ,  however ,  is a major bore .- regina mcmenami
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound ,  then they are .  the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable  " crash "  ,  but at least that was  ( somewhat )  assuaged by strong performances .  this -- arguably the worst  " mainstream "  motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing .  an excruciatingly long 2 hours ,  and as much as i  ( usually )  enjoy george clooney ,  i might never forgive him for this drek
beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that .   was real disappointed by 9th gate .   this film is tepid ,  there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'rosemary's baby' it's too hollywood ,  surprisingly ,  considering the maverick presence of depp/polanski .  film opens well ,  with a suicide and depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence ,  but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere .   exorcist 3 ,  which i was equally disappointed in ,  at least was more satanic .   i won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it ,  but the showdown scene between depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed .   emmanuelle seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a demona .  and the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least .   this film could have been great but polanski dropped the ball ,  considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter ,  and the film fails in all three areas .  it's not horrible ,  so i give it 2 stars .   but don't buy this film ,  rent it only .   buy angel heart instead
this is an extremely dry anime .   the manga version by masamune shirow is filled with bits of humor .   not so for the anime .   the character batou was especially funny in the manga ,  but ,  for reasons unknown ,  he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version .expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking .   these really make the movie crawl .   one minute there's action ,  next you're listening to matoko or batou go on and on about existentialism .   seriously ,  these little talks ,  take up 3/4 of the movie .the visuals are awesome ,  no question about that .   even so ,  they do not fulfill the need for some kind of thread of a story .   altogether ,  not much actually ,  happens during the movie .if you must see it ,  rent it first to be sure you want it
okay ,  this movie is a complete waste of time for even the most diehard college basketball fans .nick nolte does a fine job acting like bob knight coaching ucla ,  or in this case ,  the fictional western univ .  that is until the 'real' bob knight coaches indiana against nolte's fictional team in the climactic game at the end .i was a student at iu when nolte was going to every indiana home game in order to study how a real college basketball coach acts .  at the time indiana was number 1 in the nation so nolte got a lot of attention for his role .  however ,  the acting by shaq ,  hardaway ,  and matt nover was absolutely horrid !the plot centers around a legendary b-ball court  ( nolte as a knight rip-off right down to the sweater )  who is turned to cheating by those nasty alumni and boosters .  he takes his dirty team through the season and plays number 1 indiana at the end .  the real bob knight shows up with a cast of former iu b-ball legends and one duke legend in bobby hurley .  anyway ,  after beating the squeaky clean indiana team nolte rats out the alums and boosters for their recruiting violations .other than nolte nobody gives a really solid performance .  mary mcdonnell is good but she's hardly in the movie .  bob cousy plays the ad and he does an okay job for a guy who isn't even an actor .  hardaway is terrible and matt nover is just plain horrible .the only part really worth watching is the final game between indiana and shaq's team .  it does a good job of taking you inside the huddle as you actually see and hear knight diagram plays and nolte does the same .  however ,  it just turns into a highlight reel of shaq dunking .if you want to see a good b-ball movie just watch hoosiers again .  also ,  i'd like to be on whatever mind altering drugs the people who gave this movie 5 stars were taking .
picasso is one of the giants in the history of art and surely the artistic genious of the 20th century ,  but this renders him boring and repetitive .  it was done while he was alive ,  and has him  " painting "  little cartoon-like  " works "  that were done only for this dvd .  .  . one .  .  . after .  .  . the .  .  .  . other ad nauseum .   this is picasso as celebrity entertainer cartoonist ,  not the edgy artist genius of les demoiselles d'avignon and guernica .   it looks as if he's painting with magic markers on screen and the action is speeded up so it looks like a cartoonist at work .   i turned it off after 30+ interminable minutes .   fortunately i rented it on netflix ,  which i'd recommend ,  rather than buying it
i do not like the format of the dvd at all .   i had taken several pilates classes before buying this dvd ,  but i found it difficult to remember exactly what to do in each pose since all of the instruction is at the end .   much of pilates is in the finer points like breathing correctly and making sure to squeeze at the right times ,  so with no reminder of what i should be doing in each pose i felt like i was being cheated out of a workout .   i don't think that having no interruption is worth sacrificing form ,  so this dvd will be stored away while i learn the specifics of pilates elsewhere
" the hospital "  as well-crafted as it is is a wholly unpleasant viewing experience .   it is not so much a dark comedy but a mean-spirited one .   i was a fan of paddy chayefsky's  " network "  and at least that film had a little bit of light to compensate for the darkness .   i'm led to believe that chayefsky must have had a bad experience with the medical profession and this resulted in him skewering it as a whole .   if george c . scott's character is supposed to be the voice of reason why is it that when he's not brooding ,  drinking ,  or contemplating suicide he's off on some rant ?   diana rigg is completely wasted in this film .   her whole purpose here seems to be to sport a short mini-skirt and be ravaged by scott's character .   the film is also not helped by the lead-footed direction of arthur hiller .   the medical profession can be lampooned but don't look for it in this uneven tirade of a film
some idiot edited this and put two bars on the top and bottom that are part of the video so in you watch this on a laptop or widescreen tv you will also get two bars on this side .   this means that when you view it ,  it takes up about 25-35% of the screen with four black bars taking up most of the screen .   i could not even watch 5 minutes of this .   complete trash .
as i write this review ,  it was 5 years ago this very day that the walt disney co .  released the classic  " fantasia "  for the first time on dvd as a 60th anniversary special edition .   but exactly 5 years later ,  you can no longer purchase a legitimate ,  new copy of it without paying at least double the original sale price ,  via such avenues as ebay .as a disney shareholder ,  i am one unhappy camper !  !this is the only reason i'm rating this classic 5-star film with only 2 stars .   the dvd is no longer legitimately available without forking over at least $40 or $50 for a new copy when the original list price was well under $30  ( and that current price is only going to go up as times passes by )  .   i'm sure i'm not the only consumer that's really sick and tired of disney's inane policy of releasing and then quickly yanking some of their dvd releases .so what am i supposed to do now ?   wait another 5 to 10 years just to buy a legitimate copy of this dvd when disney finally decides that the time is right to release it again ?   i think not !   i can't wait that long ,  and my nieces and nephews will probably be too old to care at that point .   or ,  should i instead pay an insane price now for an original copy  ( the profits of which will not go to disney )  ?   again ,  i don't think so !   i do not believe in getting ripped off ,  and refuse to support those that profit from it ,  regardless of supply/demand fundamentals .if disney insists on continuing their ridiculous and outdated practice of discontinuing some of their classic films on dvd after only 2 to 3 years of availability ,  it shouldn't surprise them at all that they're actually losing potential sales to counterfeit/pirated versions of the films that are being sold around the world  ( and from auction sites like ebay ,  too )  .   the way i see it ,  they asked for it !  !   by not making these classics legitimately available at all times ,  they are encouraging piracy .   it's that simple ,  and they deserve it !  !   in this day and age ,  people are not going to wait a few years to get something they want now !  !i guess disney is forcing me to think about buying a phony yet much cheaper dvd version of the original  " fantasia "  just so i can show this classic to my nieces and nephews .   i'd much rather buy a legitimate copy that's reasonably priced ,  but i can't because disney won't allow me to do so .   oh well ,  it's their loss .   a classic film like  " fantasia "  ,  which came in at no .  58 on the american film institute's 1998 list of the 100 greatest american movies of all time ,  deserves a far better fate than this .great job disney !  !   way to go !
date movie is from two of the six writers of scary movie ,  apparently they chose the two worst because the movie fails to generate laughter .  a few chuckles here and there but that's all .date movie is a spoof of romantic comedies .  simply that idea sounds good right ?  the writers had alot to work with ,  but they failed miserably .  alyson hannigan plays the main character ,  julia jones .  personally ,  not a big fan of her comedy .  now ,  eddie griffin ,  jennifer coolidge and fred willard can be quite hilarious but none of that is portrayed in this flop .this might be enjoyed by some ,  but only a few .  for me ,  a big comedy fan ,  it was pretty bad in general .i actually watched it at the theaters and ,  my friends ,  it was the biggest waste of ten dollars in my life !  it is now out on dvd and someone will have to pay me to watch it again .  .  . ok maybe not pay me but at least pay for the movie .one measly star *
given the cast i had high expectations for this movie ,  but unfortunately it didn't deliver .   the storyline and plot twists are totally unbelievable even given the most disfunctional of families .   there are some nice perfomances ,  granted ,  and for this reason alone i gave it two stars .   but even with that grace ,  it's not enough to warrant giving it the 100 minutes of your life to watch .
first of all ,  i am a joy division and new order fan ;  therefore ,  i tried to like this .   really ,  i did .sadly ,  this film stinks .   the focus is not on the bands themselves ,  but on the obnoxious character known as tony wilson .   what a monster !   either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life .maybe i'm not british ,  but i did not find 24 hour party people to be very funny .   only a few scenes made me grin .   the randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film .in addition ,  the camera work was very jerky .   looked like it was done by a novice  ( and yes ,  i'm one myself ,  having made two movies )the only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with joy division .   too bad the members of this band are minor characters .   i can only hope that the biopic of ian curtis currently in production will be much ,  much better
this line ,  spoken by julie christie to dirk bogarde in  " darling "  just about sums up my feelings towards this movie .  although i am halfway done with this movie i think this is one of the most boring films i have ever seen and i am stopping this movie when it gets to the scene where christie looks at herself in the mirror as she removes her clothing .  i am done with this movie  ( believe it or not )  and it only got worse :  christie's character diana scott marries an italian man who hello ,  is old enough to be father !  and oh yes ,  he's an aging prince  ( in what had to be a ripoff of what happened to grace kelly and what would happen to jacqueline kennedy and the announcer in the newsreel that calls her  " princess diana "  almost made me laugh )  .  that nearly made me grab a gun and shoot my tv  ( a la elvis presley )  considering that this is the same setup that occurs in  " georgy girl "  and that is spoiled british girl living in swinging england marries older man  ( three words :  anna nicole smith )  .  also ,  i would like to know what are these reviewers smoking in saying that christie deserved the oscar for best actress ?  she didn't at all because it should  ( and i mean should )  of gone to julie andrews for  " the sound of music "   ( my pick for the best movie of the 1960's )  because not only did she overtake her performance of  " mary poppins ,  "  for which she won the oscar ,  she pulverized every performance by a female that year including christie .  and there's a problem with the academy :  they can't seem to pull the trigger in giving back-to-back oscars to the same person .i'm not alone in this arugment :  in danny perry's book  " alternate oscars "  he picks andrews for best actress of 1965 and states that the reason why the ampas gave the oscar to christie was not because it was 'the british invasion , ' but they saw it as a way to give an oscar to christie's other film  " doctor zhivago "  which was t . s . o . m . 's rival and added to the fact that  " zhivago "  had no acting nominations .  there's another oscar problem :  they don't know when to be hip .also ,  does it seem like dirk bogarde and lawrence harvey were the two worst actors in film history ?  because it seems to me that every movie that i have seen with them are bad ;  weather it was this movie ,  or  " the manchurian candidate "  with harvey ,  or  " modesty blaise "  with bogarde .in conclusion ,  i think some moviegoers should change their mind about buying this movie because this has to be the worst performance ever to win an oscar .  or as what bogarde said to christie :   ( a fitting way to close this review since that i end where it begins )   " i don't take taxis that are filled with whores !
when i was looking for a fitness dvd for me and my two oldest children  ( girls ,  ages 3 1/2 and 2 )  to do together ,  i was impressed with the reviews of this dvd and it sounded intriguing .   though i wasn't really willing to shell out 16 bucks quite yet ,  so we rented it from netflixs to try it out first .as adults my husband and i were really turned off by the  " animated "  bear ,  though our girls liked him .   another thing that i wasn't really impressed with was the camera was at times only focusing on kristi dear's face or the animated bear and it was hard for me and our girls to follow exactly what moves she was doing when .   we had to run through the dvd a second time to really get the routine .   the total time of the dvd is 30 minutes ,  but only about 20-22 minutes of that is actual warm-up or workout time .   the rest is filler about why we need to exercise and eat healthy foods and snacks ,  which is fine to watch for the first time or two ,  but then i found myself fast forwarding through it to get to the workout sections .   which if i had to do that every single time i watched it with my girls ,  i would get annoyed really fast .   my husband really did not think it was worth 16 dollars ,  he'd be willing to spend maybe 5-7 dollars on it ,  but no more .i gave the dvd 2 stars because kristi dear really does a good job of communicating with kids ,  has a pleasant voice ,  and demonstrates easy moves and routines for kids to do .   i highly recommend that you rent this first to see what you really think about it .
" the human race today is in a really bad state ,  mainly because most people do not want to wake up .  they want to be told how to behave instead of understanding their own power .  "  -- miceal ledwith in the great questions in the hamburger universe ,  vol .  1 of deep deceptionsi thoroughly enjoyed the dvd  " what the bleep do we know !  ?  "  mostly for the engaging snippets of dialogue from scientists ,  theologians ,  and mystics .  i also enjoyed ramtha's dvd  " create your day "  ,  even though it wasn't quite as good as the bleep cameos .it was with great expectations that i viewed the great questions in the hamburger universe ,  vol .  1 of deep deceptions by miceal ledwith .  unfortunately ,  the plodding pace of the 57 minute dvd--as well as the ramblings of ledwith--was very disappointing .ledwith brings up some great points in this dvd ,  but never goes beyond the surface .  he asserts that thinking people have discarded most of the infantile tenants of the  " hamburger universe "   ( i . e .  the  " vault of the heavens "  overhead with the vault of hell underneath )  .  yet ,  instead of treating his audience as intelligent folk ,  he makes nebulous comments without explaining the  " what and why "  .he mentions string theory  ( quantum physics )  and the  " true "  nature of the big bang ,  going on to say that levitation isn't a  " miracle "  but only a matter of superseding gravity with the  " torsion field "  .  the problem is that he's tossing about these terms in support of jesus' words that  " ye are all gods "  and  " greater works than these shall you do "  without actually explaining the meaning or *science* of a torsion field and just how consciousness supersedes natural laws .   ( fyi :  the torsion field is quantum spin waves of empty space .  einstein and elie cartan did some preliminary work on this theory in the 1920's .  the einstein-cartan theory could possibly be used to explain esp ,  among other things .  )ledwith spends a good portion of the dvd highlighting the silliness of traditional christianity ,  including the clouds and harps of heaven .  he goes on and on about how a cloud is ,  in reality ,  damp and would be uncomfortable to sit on  ( duh )  and that if one were to play the harp for eternity ,  they'd wear down the fingers to the third knuckle .  i understand highlighting the damage that traditional christian thought has caused humanity ,  especially in terms of evolution .  in fact ,  as a former minister trained in theology myself ,  i probably  " get it "  more than most .but while poking fun at christian thought is popular these days ,  you had *better* have some theological and scientific claims to back up your assertions--especially if you want to be a part of the  " thinking "  .  christian apologists know their bible inside and out ,  so if ledwith wants to undermine their fear-based ,  illogical ideas he needs to do so with his supposed area of expertise .  .  . theology .  heck ,  even at a simplified level ,  all one has to do is consider that if an individual set a paddle on fire and repeatedly hit a baby with it over and over and over ,  this act would be considered a barbaric tragedy condemned by christians  ( and others ,  of course )  .yet ,  god the father would do much worse by condemning humanity to eternal torment forever and ever ?  apologists would say  " well ,  humans choose to go to hell .  "  the interesting thing is that the bible says  " no man can come to the father except the holy spirit draws him "  because his understanding is  " darkened "  .this is just one of the many points that ledwith could bring up ,  but instead ,  he preaches to the new age choir by ridiculing monotheistic religions  ( primarily christianity )  via nebulous assertions .  in fairness ,  ledwith makes excellent points ,  but nothing that you couldn't get  ( much more eloquently )  from marianne williamson ,  gary zukav ,  eckhart tolle ,  neale donald walsch ,  and others .  some of these points are :" we are pawns tossed about by those people we perceive as more capable and enlightened than us .  "" if jesus were on earth today ,  he wouldn't recognize his own teachings .  "" anyone who looks back at our history can only be appalled at the small-mindedness ,  the hostility ,  the barbarism that has characterized our whole traverse as a race .  "" we don't realize how following another's image of god is spiritually and evolutionarily limiting .  we don't even think of it .  "" the flat earth mentality still corrupts and completely distorts our fundamental beliefs at the basic level still today .  "" we've never gotten rid of the inquistatorial mind to this day .  "" the answers we've been given by religion are bizarre ,  emotionally charged ,  and childish .  "" heaven varies according to the broker  ( christian denomination )  ,  but the basis is pretty much the same :  earning credits for good behavior so you can immigrate to heaven .  "" god is just a human magnified  ( in monotheism )  .  we take these categories from the lowest plains of existence and impose them upon the divine .  as a result ,  we're left with something so sentimental ,  mawkish ,  and inaccurate that it bears no relationship to reality .  "" whatever god is has no gender .  these childish images are holding us back .  "ledwith makes other interesting comments ,  but they beg for elaboration .  one such comment is :"  ( that )  jesus' death was to appease the vengeance of a savage god .  .  . this had nothing to do with what jesus christ did .  "i'd love to hear his explanation of the crucifixion !  spiritual teachers such as williamson have brilliantly explained the metaphysical aspects of the crucifixion of christ .  does ledwith have a clue as to why jesus died ?  if he did ,  why didn't he share it ?he quotes jesus by saying  " greater works  ( than i )  shall you do "  ,  attempting to make the case that humans are living far below their potential--mostly due to a flat earth mentality .  what he fails to mention ,  however ,  is that polemicists and theologians debate the meaning of  " greater works "   ( meizona toutn in the greek )  in terms of whether  " greater "  refers to quantity versus quality .   ( my greek professor made a case for the former ,  saying that converts would multiply miracles by sheer numbers .  )ledwith also perpetuates the biggest misquote circulated in new age circles ,  attributing  " it's not our weakness that frightens us ,  it's our power "  to nelson mandela .  the actual quote is  " our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate .  our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure .  .  .  "  ,  which was uttered by marianne williamson in her book  " a return to love "  .one of ledwith's comments that i found particularly insightful is  " as human knowledge grows ,  the territory of god shrinks .  god becomes a refugee .  "  the  " god of the gaps "  ,  as he called it ,  are areas that we try to fill with human knowledge in the attempt to explain what we don't yet understand .  an example would be ancient paganism attributing lightning to the actions of zeus .  despite this interesting observation ,  it's not enough to enliven the rest of the dvd .what separates the tight ,  insightful segements in  " what the bleep do we know !  ?  "  from this dvd is that the conversations captured in bleep were the result of directors chasse ,  arntz and vincente asking probing questions of the experts .  .  . questions borne out of the directors' own curiosity and personal paths .  on the great questions in the hamburger universe ,  vol .  1 of deep deceptions ,  however ,  ledwith is left to ramble at the camera rather aimlessly ,  which doesn't make for good viewing and does not offer lucid alternatives to the flat earth mentality of the hamburger universe .  perhaps this is more the fault of  " director "  jz knight .in the end ,  i couldn't help but feel like this dvd was thrown together in order to capitalize on bleep's popularity .  let's hope the subsequent installments of this series are tighter ,  deeper ,  and smarter
this is my vote for 3rd worst movie ever made .its dumb ,  theres no violence hardly ,  no blood and i actually got a headache from renee  [ now i look chinese ]  zelwack-broad screaming for 90minutes and watching how bad the acting is .this is like a drug that doesnt work and now i want my 3 dollars and 90minutes of my life back .
maybe this is not fair ,  to write a review without even seeing the dvd .   i wanted to make sure disney understands that people do read these reviews ,  and i am not buying this dvd ,  as swamp fox is incomplete !   three out of eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase
it starts out as a lady comes home to cook a boy for dinner but the boy tells the lady three storys from the tales from the darkside book .  the first one is lot 249 with christian slater ,  julianne moore and steve buscemi ,  which this one is the best with of course slater's character .  then the next one is the cat from hell with william hickey and david johanssen ,  this one is ok but it sometimes shallows the movie with its annoying and mangling old people .  the last one is a lover's vow with james remar and rae dawn chong ,  it starts off good with remar but then ends up being a cheesy story with its lame gargoyle effects
who in the hell gave this movie the green-light ?  god-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at .  .  .  this may perhaps be the worst movie ever created .  and i'm the kind of person that appreciates anything .  .  .  but this .  .  .  this is just pure ,  100% crap .  this will most likely be the only time i will ever say  " i want my two hours back "  and mean it .and i only watched this movie for marnette patterson ,  but even she couldn't save this movie
this was the most obnoxious time waster i have ever witnessed .   i kept waiting for the monty python troup to show up .   the acting was horrid .   what was with the rocks and urinating on the door ?  ?   i found myself rooting for grendel .  of the 33 people in the theater ,  10 got up and left half way through .   this was a story of great heros ,  not neurotic children .   too bad gerard butler's career has come to this .  i hope the beowulf saga ends here and no attempt is made to do a sequel as discussed in the director interview .   i would have been ashamed to put my name on this piece of work
those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became  " has been "  material for vh1's the surreal life .  ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film ,  television and or commercials .   the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time .   her dialogue is kept short and simple ,  and when she does have more than 3 lines at once ,  the complete lack of feeling ,  expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile ,  like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails .   that is all i can say ,  i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again
someone bought this 3d dvd for my almost 5 year old daughter .   we thought the special effects would be fascinating and they were .   however ,   within minutes of the movie's beginning my daughter was in tears .  i won't say why but she found the plot frightening .   several times during the movie i tried to talk her out of watching but she wanted to see what happened in the end .   fortunately the movie is relatively short .   overall ,  i found the story to be a cynical look at christmas .   as an adult ,  i think it might be humourous to watch after a hard day of christmas shopping but i urge caution before showing it to young children .   there was way too much animated violence to match the spirit of christmas
i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for .  the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality .  this must have been taken from a 16mm print .  it may be that this film is in public domain ,  so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd .  there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues .  note :  amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title ,  so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of  " meet john doe "  .   the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this :   [  .  .  .
i thought the movie was alright ,  but i am sorry that i bought it .   i would rather have just rented it .   it seems like half of the movie is out of focus ,  i am sure it is on purpose but i just don't get it .   there are a few erotic scenes but they are not worth the price
you want realism of the old west ?  try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor or into their sleeves because they didn't have tissues .  try having the actors and actresses go for a couple of months without washing their hair ,  and not brushing their teeth with toothpaste ,  so their hair is oily and their mouths are scuzzy and black .that would be realistic ,  but it's a lot more repellant to television audiences than gratuitous profanity .  so this  " realistic "  show has characters with clean ,  fluffy hair and pretty teeth spew garbage langauge constantly -- and sucker viewers and reviewers buy this as  " realistic "  !  !  !  every great writer of every age and era ,  be it mark twain ,  owen wister ,  william shakespeare ,  or john steinbeck ,  or any other storyteller whose works have survived for generations ,  told  " realistic "  stories of their era but who understood what realistic trivia to keep in ,  and what to leave out ,  in order to tell the story .  that is why their work has remained timeless .deadwood's writing shows a huge insecurity complex in choosing to rely on a gimmick  ( and a juvenile one at that )  like over-the-top profanity .  whether or not the calamity janes of the time actually used the words  " ignorant f****ng c***s "  is something we will never know and is also absolutely irrelevant .there are an awful lot of sheeple in tv land
or you out of your mind !  i watched about 5 mins .  and i'm speachless .  that was the worse movie i ever &quot ; started&quot ;  to watch and couldn't get to the controls fast enough to turn it off .  throw them away ,  please
let me start off by saying that i have higher degrees in art ,  art history ,  music ,  and romance languages -- so i am an admitted  " art snob .  "  having said that ,  i would recommend that you try the baby einstein  " baby van gogh ,  world of colors "  and  " baby mozart "  videos instead of this brainy baby video .i find this brainy baby video to be slow ,  boring ,  insipid ,  condescending ,  and visually uninteresting ;  i cannot wait to put in something else .  wait ,  you say ,  isn't this about the baby who is watching it ?  well ,  i first realized that it is truly boring  ( and not  " just me "  )  by watching my 6-month-old's reaction to it .   ( she is now 10 months old ,  and still does not like it .  )  she consistently snubbed her nose at this video ;  she did not watch it for more than a few seconds at a time and always turned away to find something more interesting to do .  she has never had this reaction to the einstein videos i mentioned .i tried reintroducing this video every few weeks since she was 6 months old ,  thinking maybe she would grow to understand it better ,  but after 4 months of this approach ,  she still is not interested .  however ,  the einstein videos have captivated her from the beginning ,  and still do .here are the specifics that i think are the problem .  the visuals are weak and not bold/colorful enough .  my daughter is bored by watching the other babies play with toys .  the female voice-over is distracting and annoying ,  rather than engaging and instructional as intended .  the flow is not as coherent as the einstein videos ,  which are broken into little themes that make sense in each video .  there is no charm or sense of humor ,  like the einstein videos .no ,  i do not have any connection whatsoever to the baby einstein folks .  i'm just saying that the brainy baby videos seem less professional and are not as engaging .  if you're going to spend the money and spend your time watching a video with your baby ,  buy one that you and the baby will enjoy together
i read the book and saw the movie ,  which other than title and major characters ,  have little in common .   i can't say i really liked either .   the book is a little funnier .  my major learning from the whole project was when  " who wants to be a millionaire "  taught me about  " roman a clefs "  ,  of which  " devil "  is one .   perhaps if i had more interest in the fashion industry ,  i'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that  " devil "  provides .   meryl streep is very good as the apparently soulless miranda priestly ,  editor-in-chief of runway magazine ,  but somehow she's never quite devil enough .   anne hathaway is passable in her second  ( or third )   " made over princess "  role .   the minor characters ,  including the wonderful tracie thoms as  " best friend "  lily ,  are mostly wasted .
film :  4 . 5 stars ;  dvd :  0 stars( dvd released march 2000 )this is a very good - albeit not great - film whose dvd release has been ruined by disney ,  as they so often do :- 18 (  !  )  minutes deleted from the theatrically released version- non-anamorphic transferit's been over six years since the dvd was released .   one can only hope that an un-butchered version is in the works .   however ,  based on disney's track record ,  and on the quality of their marketing  " wizards "  ,  i'm not holding my breath .   don't know if disney licenses to criterion but ,  if so ,  that may be the only way we get a decent dvd release
i got nothing to say .  was this supposed to be intense ?  was this supposed to be a thriller ?  it was boring .  horrible acting ,  except for forest whitaker :  but even he couldn't save this one .  pure fincher ?  pure trash .  horrible ,  horrible ,  horrible .  quite possibly one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  i am just too upset to type ,  i can't believe i actually waisted my time with this
i like sandler .i couldn't even finish watching it .  i purchased it ,  and actually took it out of the dvd player and broke it in half .the general public should be able to sue the actors and distributors when stuff like this is foisted upon us .truly horrible ,  not funny ,  taped together .  they must have spent fifteen bucks filming this abortion
this movie is no  " heathers .  "   it's not even  " mean girls .  "   as hard as it tried to be witty ,  shocking ,  dark ,  and satirical ,  it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop .   maybe i'm just too old for this drivel -- although i could watch  " clueless "  and  " the craft "  until my dvd player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push ,  i just didn't get it .   the movie wasn't funny  ( which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses ,  carol kane ,  couldn't even elicit a smile out of me )  ,  the plot was full of holes ,  and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived .   i wasn't expecting greatness when i watched jawbreakers ,  but i was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment .   unfortunately ,  the  " entertainment "  piece was dropped and i was just left with  " mindless .
dull and pointless .   how could jennifer aniston read this script and think that doing this film was a good idea ?   we had to turn it off about half-way through .   shallow ,  boring ,  superficial ;  take your pick .   it's like a contest--which character's life sucks the most .   if you're going to depress people ,  at least make it interesting .   would it have been so hard for the writers to mix in a plot with their nihilism
well i went to the concert and the whole time while i was watching it ,  i was glade they where coming out with a dvd because dvd can hold lots and lots and lots of information and why would they cheap out and not put every artist with every song on here why i would be 100$ i don't care i want to see it all .  and well i waited months and months ,  wondering waiting for it to come out ,  i went there with 3 other friends and it was the thing of a life time .  then it was time the p%$%# @%#t dvd of the century .  thank you emi for destroying a historial document so you can get all your signed contracts on to your dvd .  well now all i have to do is use my time machine and get a tape ready and tape the damn concert .  wait time machines doen't exist well now i am going ot have to go underground to get it .  but wait i still $100 will emi release all the videos on dvd or do we have to go underground to get it from someone who tapped it and is selling it .  all i can say this is why the internet was invented for information exchange .  if they keep information paticularly this historical document from people ,  they will share it over the internet .  the video doesn't belong to 1 company it belongs to the world ,  the world created this and who does emi think they are by limiting this .  i am so sick and tired of this utter b$%# @#$t .  no one should settle for this ,  i demand more and everyone should demand more also . 3 billion people watched 1 million spectaters .  and what does emi tell you ,  they will put the crappiest dvd together and then make everyone take the videos down of there website .  i believe i shall find them all and put them up on wikipedia because it isn't 1 person who owns the worlds creation .  anyone who believes in this should know what it means to them every extra cent of this dvd should go to africa and it doesnt it and its a bloody shame .  all i can say is i am making sure this goes on to every review for this damned dvd untill something is done about it .viva la ristance  :  d-the real lenbo
he thought the columbine incident was about gun control .   it was not .   it was about anger and bullying .   that is the problem .   that is what would have fixed that problem .   we need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on .     it is worth seeing because it is interesting ,  but he is wrong on this one .   micahel moore is a good director but people are not always right
the acting was very good .  the pace was adequate .  however ,  the plot was predictable .  the movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome .  clive's character kept calling this the perfect robbery .  the characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters can't possibly know what is going on .  i'm still not sure what jody foster's character brings to the plot .any way ,  they do stupid things .  the bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet .  you don't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie .  however ,  they do call it a  " s--thole during the movie .  they spent hours on this hole .  why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine ?  they even brought buckets in with them .  they were disguised as painters .  why couldn't clive's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine .finding plot holes in this movie is like shooting fish in the barrel .  furthermore ,  the plot is so predictable that it made the movie drag .  i have to be honest ,  i didn't guess the ending .  i kicked myself for they gave plenty of clues .  for example ,  a big one is the title of the movie .  however ,  the lame clues  ( the s--thole )  acted like red herrings .  they threw me off the scent .
seeing what's become of the rock and roll legends i remember from when we were much younger ,  i found very depressing .  i'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago .  even jerry lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home
my impression was :  what a waste of money - why take such a nice play and do it like that ?  why ?  - what's that  " old lady "  ?  what sort of character mrs .  lupone built ?  i read the reviews here - and i didn't believe them .  i should have had .  but there are good moments though - imaginative ,  creative ,  although far from funny
susan ward , coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on tv ,  gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from aol films .     director mary lambert tries and fails to give us a basic instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures ,  it looks like warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with .   as the lack of film sets show .    if you like susan ward ,  then give this a movie a try ,  if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future ,  don " t find it here
" kings and queen "  is a bloated french drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose .the film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie .   the first centers around nora and her struggles with various men in her life ,  including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live .   the other story involves a young man named ismael ,  a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly ,  he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party .   after traveling along on separate tracks for awhile ,  these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that ismael is a former lover of nora's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier ,  tragic relationship .with a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining ,   " kings and queen "  might have been a potent ,  engrossing drama about modern day relationships .   it certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power ,  and the performances are ,  for the most part ,  complex and touching .   but ,  taken as a whole ,  the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that ,  quite frankly ,  it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on .   even more distressing is the fact that ,  even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people ,  we really don't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over .   for instance ,  nora's father ,  on his deathbed ,  writes a withering diatribe against his daughter's character that simply doesn't gibe with the woman we've been looking at for well over two hours .   nora is admittedly no mother theresa  ( then ,  again ,  who is ?  )  ,  but she certainly doesn't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father .   nora could be accused of being  confused ,  indecisive ,  a bit self-absorbed at times ,  but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place ?   i don't think so .perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that i was unable to fathom .   but my suspicion is that even writer roger bohbot and co-writer/director arnaud desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here .   this is a well acted ,  pretentious bore of a film that takes the audience on a long ,  rambling voyage through a sea of personal crises ,  a journey that leaves the viewer no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning .
the books are witty and charming .  this ,  in stark contrast ,  is formulaic schlock .  americans -- and much of the world's consumers -- prefer their entertainment predigested so it doesn't require chewing ,  so they consume the same nutritionless movieland cliches endlessly .in the land of limitless equality ,  everything is reduced to equal tastelessness .  if you want impart the capacity for discernment to your child ,  you could start by avoiding this twaddle .  the eloise books are special ,  while this movie is mere product
rent it but by all means don't buy it .   you won't watch it more than once .   this movie is not for those who have invested 25+ hours into the tv show .   although you will better understand what's going on if you have seen the show ,  none of this will really seem new or interesting to you .   you learn some new facts about bob and the man from another place ,  but nothing important .   for the most part it just tells the story as we have already pieced together from the show ,  adding only pointless and unrealistic new occurances  ( bobby kills someone ,  donna is replaced by an new actor ,  coop forsees all the future comings of laura's murder ,  etc )  .   all of the twin peaks charm that you have come to love is gone and the movie really suffers from that .   you can't only give coop 10 meaningless lines and expect the show to succeed .   i think lynch's efforts would have been more successful and greatly appreciated if he had made a sequel to the second series ,  focusing on the complications of coop being in the black lodge ,  harry having an emotional attachment to coop but being forced to bring him down ,  etc .i guess if you have never seen the series this may be more interesting ,  but i dont really think so .   overall ,  the look and the feel was very foreign and uncomfortable and it moved very slow .   it is somewhat of a letdown coming from a monster writer/director like lynch .   i'm glad i've seen it ,  but hell ,  i'd rather watch dune again before this
.  .  .  tyrese gibson ,  for worst actor ever .   up to this point ,  i've been a huge paul walker fan for his comedically bad acting .   he's made a career of it .   in this one ,  his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word  " bro "  at least 75 times  ( to give his character street cred )  ,  and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear walker is deeply considering his plight .   but really walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of tyrese gibson .   my god where did they find this guy ?   the movie would've been ok as a standard ,  mindless action film ,  but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting .now you might be wonderning :  who's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie ?   but wait ,  there's actually method to this madness .   since their was no vin diesel ,  the director knew he had only paul walker left .   and it's well known that walker cannot carry a film  ( see  " timeline "  )  .   so what to do ?   of course !   find an actor even worse than walker and cast them together !   all of the sudden walker doesn't look so terrible ,  because everyone's focusing on this other chump .   and apparently it worked ,  because a lot of people enjoyed this film ,  and there's even a sequel .
if you have read  ( and enjoyed )  any of the x-men ,  save your $ ,  buy the graphic novel of the original dark phoenix saga ,  and pretend this movie wasn't made .   if you want to see some special effects & aren't that hung up on character development ,  i'd still just rent it
my wife and i ejected this dvd after half way through and planned to throw it out .   i later figured i'd see if it got any better and watched the rest of it .   the last guy is good and i won't throw this away now ;  he does a bit on throwing up that is good .   most of the humor is gutter humour and is not that funny
i just whant to say this ,  if richard dean anderson is out of the stargate series ;  so am i ,  and that's it !if i could i would give this 0 stars ,  but you can't ,  not what i know anyways .  still teal'c  , daniel and carter is in the storie ,  but hwo knows for how long
subtitled guy's mom is sick .  the guy is also depressed .  meets a ex-hustler on beach .  they kiss ,  fight ,  make-up ,  over and over .  ( most of the movie )  they break up .  boy meets hustler's ex and they play with dog on beach .  the end
this movie sucks !  it is fake ,  everything is staged .  chicks dont laugh when they fight ,  nor do they dress like strippers !
i hope people don't start to think of this movie as alien 5 .   in my mind this is a whole new venture ,  one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films .   the first 4 films are pretty good and i really like the whole series .   it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it .   i think they could pull off one more film .   ripley's a great hero .this movie was pretty bad .   the only reason i give it 2 stars is because of the special effects .   i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien .   whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money .   the plot was .  . well .  . stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent .   each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney's involvement .   this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair .
i was seriously considering purchasing this movie ,  but luckily i saw it at blockbuster one night and decided to rent it before i made up my mind .   i think it was the smartest move i've made in my entire life because this movie turned out to be ,  not only the worst lesbian movie ,  but probably one of the worst movies ever made !   the reviews i've seen for this movie are way too generous i must say .   believe me when i say that i am not a strict critic .  .  . i can be easily entertained by the corny ones .   but this one could not be salvaged ,  and one star is much more than it deserves .   the fact that is in black and white can be overlooked ,  but the bad acting ,  and pseudo-artistic scenes reminded me of a film made in middle school .   unfortunately ,  my girlfriend and i were unable to get through the first 30 mins ,  so i am unable to rate this movie wholly .   all i can say is please rent it at least
after seeing both peyton place and the sequel i can tell you that i could tolerate the recast ,  carol lynley and tuesday weld were wonderful in their perspective parts .   but i have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well ?   my reasons for asking ,  the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie .   over and over in this film it is stated that selena was raped when she was thirteen ,  yet in the original film selena ,  alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured .   since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school ,  also she looked pretty mature for thirteen .   then there's selen'as boyfriend  ( whose name escapes me at the moment )  in the original film he stood by her ,  through the murder charges ,  the revelation of the rape ,  and the miscarriage ,  yet in the sequel i'm suppose to buy that he couldn't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else .   then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of selena ,  yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast ?   i have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door .  it was all too obvious that the original film wasn't taken into account when writing the sequel .   not credible at all
margarett mitchell must be rolling in her grave .  she wrote a masterpiece in the 1930's ,  then alexandra ripley bought the rights to her book by conning margaret mitchell's heirs to sell out the legacy of their relative .   alexandra ripley's novel was an embarrasing pile of mush ,  even worse than a barbara courtland romance novel .beautiful costumes and a good cast - but the script is a soap opera and very poorly written with too many cliche's .   the tv movie version is even worse than alexandra ripley's book .  i would have given this movie zero stars - but gave it 2 stars solely for the world class acting of sean bean as the deliciously evil lord fenton .sean bean heats up the screen as a sexy ,  feral villian along the lines of  " the man you love to hate "  as an unsafe sex symbol .   unless you are a sean bean fan ,  there is nothing worthwhile about this film .   the script is trite ,  cliche'd and very slow moving .   sean bean is only in disc 1 and his character is eliminated and the movie slides downhill from there .disc 2 is overwrought with very boring ,  drawn out courtroom scenes .  .  . i was almost rooting that scarlett would be hanged for the murder just to see an end to this movie !i've always liked joanna whaley-kilmer and timothy dalton .  they are excellent actors wasted in this pile of mush movie .  ann-margaret's performance as belle watling is so bad i wanted to slap her .do yourself a favor and watch the original gone with the wind starring clark gable and vivien leigh if you want to see a wonderful film
there is one thing i finally grasped upon watching 'the 40 year old virgin' ,  however .   i came to the realization that hollywood has to remake movies now over and over and over again because the films that try to be unique  ( 'the 40 year old virgin' )  are so awful that studio heads need to go elsewhere for their ideas .of course ,  they're laughing all the way to the bank because the brain dead inside and outside of the continental united states will be for ,  and laugh at ,  anything .this film is popular because steve carrell makes the same faces and has the same delivery that he did/does on 'the office' ,  and people just love those mannerisms  ( ricky gervals is better in the same role ,  by the way .  .  . but that's neither here nor there )  .    it certainly couldn't be because it's funny .the general concept of a 40 year old virgin has promise .   that concept added with the most boiled down middle school potty jokes is not .that concept added to a girl who wants to take him home but is too drunk to drive ,  yet she does it anyway and runs into dozens of objects is not .that concept added with a cross eyed asian woman waxing his hairy chest while they show extreme close up's of carrells large nose as he screams vulgarities into the lens is not .that concept added with 60 year old middle eastern salesmen using every sexual metaphor out loud is not .you get the drift .   maybe the boat left and i wasn't on the boat .   maybe i'm not 12 years old anymore and am amused by jokes you used to hear outside at recess playing tether ball and eating chocodiles .if you like juvenile humor ,  watch something like 'better off dead' or 'caddyshack' .   watch a movie that doesn't have to try so hard to write something vulgar to get a laugh .sincerely ,bill cosb
the movie  " dead life "  by director william victor shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as night of the living dead--or at least it tries to be--unfortunately it's a stupid attempt and being original through looking old ,  which in itself is an irony .looking at its writing ,  there's absolutely nothing to commend this movie on .  though this movie at least tries to give you an explanation as to the existence of zombies ,  it's as thought-out as a cat's decision to chase a shiny object .  the common mistake made with romero's films is that the story wasn't well thought out ,  since they never really explain the zombies  ( except a bit in the original about a meteor )  ;  however ,  what people don't realize is it doesn't matter why .  romero's films are satirical in nature ,  they focus on a larger picture and disregard details ,  that's what makes them so great--that's what makes them films .dead life makes some attempt and showing depth with its underlying theme ,  except it's stupid and unoriginal ,  and really not shocking or thought-provoking in the slightest .this movie is not shocking ,  it's not realistic ,  even the  " gore scene "  everyone is referring to is only a stupid attempt at being shocking and over-the-edge ;  but it comes off as just being tasteless .people are giving this movie credit for having no money ,  but really ,  people have done better with less .  the acting is ridiculous ,  the sound is poorly dubbed ,  the camera is always out of focus ,  and the special effects are lame .  it is a tasteless zombie romp with no point whatsoever ,  it doesn't deserve credit for having a low budget ,  it makes no effort to make people think and makes no effort to be good ,  period .  night of the living dead was a low-budget film ,  this is not even close to reaching that level .oh ,  and it actually takes sound effects straight from the first resident evil game and dubs them in .  seriously
i am a big fan of frank miller's work and i loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from .  when i saw this film i was blown away by the visuals .  it had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything i had seen in a movie before .having mentioned it's good points i have to say i was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen .  it seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen .  for the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through .  i had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet .each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like i was being mugged .  what works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here .  all the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience .  also ,  many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here .purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film .  however ,  my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only ,  but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on .  this film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
on the surface this film is a pretty good courtroom drama .underneath ,  however ,  the director seems to have a couple of other themes going .  one thing that stood out to me is that the film is full of people who are  " caught between a rock and a hard place "  .  right from the start ,  where childers has to choose between following the rules of war or saving his best friend .  he has a similar choice on the wall in yemin - fire into the crowd or let the attack on his people continue .  i think he knew at that moment that his career was in the crapper .  jones' character said as much during the trial :   " whatever happens here ,  this man will never command marines again "  .  the  " bad guy "  national security advisor was in a bind :  do what is best for america's interests or back up the colonel ?  the ambassador had to make a hard choice :  lie on the stand or lose his job ,  his status ,  his reputation ?  even his wife had to decide whether to tell the truth or stand behind her husband's story .  biggs ,  the prosecutor ,  got caught up in it - he started out with the intent to prosecute what he was convinced was a legitimate case ,  then got tossed a 'hot potato' by the nsa right in open court .  childers' second-in-command ,  captain lee ,  had to decide whether to tell the truth or back his colonel .  and so on .the court-martial itself seems to pit logic against emotion  ( shades of star trek !  )  .  the differences are clearest in the closing arguements - biggs is the joe friday  " just the facts "  type ;  he presents the panel with a .  this happened ,  then b this happened ,  and so on .   hayes' whole arguement is based on emotion - and then ,  finally ,  the jury is left with yet another hard decision .i found the movie very interesting in terms of what is going on with the characters - a lot of films are like this ,  if you look a little deeper ,  there's more there than the surface story .
with great music and a setting that reminds you of  " vampire hunter d "  it sucks you into watching the series .   the plot turns out to be terrible and the idea of where the wolves came from and where they are going is underdeveloped and disappointing .   the animation is good ,  which is a must have for me ,  but it wasn't enough to redeem the series
this must have seemed like a great idea at the time ,  " cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his range as an actor "  .  the problem is his range is all the way from a to b .this movie never explains how or why the boy turns killer and asks us to except one too many  " chance "  happenings .  in the end all we get is this  " thriller "  ( and i use the term very loosely ) that thinks just the idea of culkin as a killer is thrilling
.  .  . just like hollywood and just like the music industry which ,  i guess ,  is the point .john travolta ,  playing on his character from get shorty  ( and ,  to a lesser degree ,  like his character in pulp fiction and swordfish )  is mr .  cool .   this time he's trying to make it big in the music biz .   he discovers a new talent  ( artist christina milian )  and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters .a brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar .   the dialogue seems forced ,  funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile .   most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae .   aside from a few interesting moments ,  only one speech toward the end made by cedric the entertainer redeemed the film .it's like a big commercial  ( which ,  i suppose ,  is any hollywood film )  .   certain musicians get shameless plugs  ( steven tyler and aerosmith ,  included in the film )  ,  various movies get shameless plugs  ( including ,  in a not so disguised fashion ,  get shorty )  ,  certain hollywood landmarks  ( e . g .  the mann chinese theater )  are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the l . a .  lakers and the staples center get a plug .it's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or ,  in this case ,  making a musician .   so we watch travolta as mr .  cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give christina milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts .   the ending is so horribly cheesy i felt as if i was watching american idol .watchable ,  but barely .the player covered this terrain so much better .
considering the sensational cast  ( eli wallach ,  terrence hill ,  bud spencer ,  kevin mccarthy and brock peters )  ,  the euro-western era it was made in and the locations where it was shot ,  ace high is a major disappointment .  the plot is uninvolving and incoherent ,  the cinematography is cramped and completely lacking in style ,  the music is weak during a time that spawned so many memorable soundtracks and the direction lacks any focus whatsoever .  the editing looks like it was performed with a butcher's knife .  after the first ten minutes ,  i knew i'd made a mistake buying it .  a boring 120 minute piece of junk ,  ace high is hopelessly outgunned by any number of great italian westerns including corbucci's the mercenary or parolini's sabata series .  save your fistful of dollars for a better film
wasted talent .   none of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying .   some funny stuff .   craig ferguson can do better .   charlotte church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte .   every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
enjoyed leary's rescue me and the job so much but was really disappointed in his stand up - not funny and over done
there are cinematic masterpieces ,  and there are films that really make you feel the producer knows how to use film to its fullest .   this stinker convinced me mr .  lynch owned shares in kodak and wanted to sell film by the mile .   the only reason you may want to see this is so you will convince yourself never to see a david lynch work ever again .   do not buy it !  !   manos ,  the hands of fate is much more watchable than this .i get brian eno and ambient/atmosphere music is so you will use it as a background along with your imagination to create your own inner experience .   film doesn't work that way  ( another reviewer compared this with eno )  .i find memento a brilliant piece of work ,  really making me forget i am watching a film .   i think videodrome is wonderful and compelling .   this - make sure you can watch something else .   watch this in 100x speed .   you won't miss a thing .okay ,  i just remembered ,  there is one movie worse than this one .   reflections of evil .   if you actually like eraserhead then get that movie too .   me ,  i'd rather put a brain-eating worm in my ear from whatever planet kahn was exiled to in star trek ii .   much less painful than watching this
this terrible movie has singing !   bad singing ,  and lots of it !   overacted ,  trite ,  and boring !   all those good reviews ,  i thought it would be campy and cool ,  but it's not !
this is the worst transfer of a movie  ( that is not a tape-to-tape before dvd bootleg )  that i have ever seen .   many scenes in the daylight show a jiggling reflected lights ,  or so it appears ,  and lines dance around with the sound .   it was so bad i thought it was in individual damaged dvd ,  until i read other reviews here and on imdb .this is far worse than most cheapie transfers that are no longer owned but are in the public domain .   at least in those instances they usually have the excuse that the print they are working from is old and worn .   i have a much better video of exodus on vhs tape in ep !and this movie is currently being offered at amazon for $14 . 95 .   don't bother !   tape it off tcm and you'll have a far higher quality visual record .as for the movie itself ,  despite good actors and one of the most wonderful music scores ,  it's very flat .   kirk douglas would have been a far better choice than newman ,  who acts like he just came off a binge after a losing pool streak .   nonetheless ,  it should not be sold with in lousy visual copies
i was trying to think of the best short description of what this is .  sure it's a propaganda film but that doesn't mean much to most people .  however ,  most people have seen attack ads around election time .  that's what this is ,  a very long political attack ad ,  full of all the things we commonly see in such ads :  distortions ,  sarcasm ,  scary close ups ,  mood music ,  mocking tone ,  glaring omissions ,  out of context quotes ,  etc .that said ,  the most rewarding review so far must be the one by at  " dl "   ( new york )  ,  who basically condemns michael moore as pro-bush because fahrenheit 9/11 doesn't say bush engineered 9/11 himself .  what's next ?  a review that condemns at  " dl "   ( new york )  as pro-bush because his review didn't say that bush flew the planes himself ?  or that bush is an alien who gave birth to saddam and osama on a ufo ?just when you think you've seen the craziest conspiracy theory  .  .
this is the worst asian movie that i have ever seen .   the story is dumb and doesn't make any sense ,  especially the ending .   and to top it off it isn't that scary - it only gets a little bit scary at the end .my recommendation :   don't get this movie .   it is also too expensive .   it you want to watch a good asian horror movie ,  i have lots of recommendations .   wishing stairs is pretty good .   koma is an excellent movie .  a tale of two sisters is pretty good .  good luck
am i the only one who found the basic workout difficult ?  the pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though i have done this workout several times now ,  my back almost always is very painful for at least 24 hours afterward .  i have found that ,  apart from a few exercises ,  the intermediate workout is easier
long ,  tedious action adventure with repetitive dialog ,  bad plot holes ,  and generally boring characters is how to describe this little foray into following up the characters from bad boys .marcus and mike are out about ,  trying to find some ecstasy they've been alerted about .   they get into a bunch of fights ,  a bunch of car chases ,  they get in trouble ,  they argue with each other .   then they go and they get into another fight ,  then they get in trouble ,  only this time they argue with each other first .   then they argue with each other ,  then get into a fight ,  then get in trouble .   then they get into trouble ,  argue with each other ,  and get into a fight .   the fights ?   the same thing ,  over and over again .   marcus is upset because he feels his life is in danger .   mike is upset because he feels marcus is bringing in negative energy .   they parody relationship therapy .there's another thing happening .   it's this cuban antagonist .   we don't really care about him ,  really .   he just kind of runs around ,  being cuban and evil and all .   then we get to see him get angry at people .   then he becomes devious .   then he becomes malicious and angry again .so we watch ,  for over two hours ,  with just enough action to keep it moving .   action that involves a certain camera movement ,  then a reverse shot ,  then the same camera movement ,  then the same reverse shot ,  then the same camera movement ,  then the same reverse shot .  .  .   the only truly interesting action scene occurred in that house with the rastafarians ,  with that spinning camera thing .   that was pretty clever .   that's why this film got any stars at all from me .really ,  all i got from this film was the feeling that the filmmakers were trying to make the bad boys series ,  if there will ever be one  ( probably .  .  .  )  into the lethal weapon series .   i also got a lot of stuff about terrible psychoanalysis which was ,  to me ,  michael bay telling the world that male attraction to action adventure movies is not some weird psychoanalitical crazy mess ,  but just good natured fun .   which is why the movie got a bit more of a higher rating from me .otherwise ,  wow ,  was that tedious .--polarisdi
the weight of water  ( kathryn bigelow ,  2000 )this movie should have been a big production-- an adaptation of an anita shreve novel directed by near dark's kathryn bigelow ,  starring a handful of big-name actors .  so why does it seem like a lifetime original movie ( tm )  on steroids ?jean janes  ( shadow of the vampire's catherine mccormack )  is obsessed with a pair of murders that occurred on the isles of shoals in 1873 ,  when louis wagner  ( rome's ciaran hinds )  was convicted of the murders of two women and executed .  jean isn't sure they got the right person .  she and her poet husband thomas  ( sean penn )  set off for the islands on a boat with thomas' brother rich  ( josh lucas ,  recently of poseidon )  and rich's new girlfriend adaline  ( elizabeth hurley ,  who went from this right on to film bedazzled )  .  the interpersonal relationships on the boat cause tensions to flare ,  as everyone seems to want pretty much everyone else ,  and the situation on the boat brings jean to a possible revelation of an alternative theory of the crime .it's an interesting premise ,  and from everything i've heard it's carried off quite successfully in the book ,  which i haven't read .  but oh ,  it doesn't work well at all in the film .  the links between the two stories are shown only by the way the two stories are intercut ;  no work at all was done on trying to parallel the two in any structural way .  most of the actors are wasted here ;  even the vastly talented mccormack seems only a shadow of her usual irrepressible self ,  while sarah polley ,  whose story takes place over in the nineteenth century time frame ,  seems as if she's worn down by a lot more than inimical primitive island life .  about the only actor who's really effective here is hinds ,  who plays his role to the hilt .it's not the worst movie i've seen in the past month ,  but it's pretty close .  *
i am a yoga instructor and i bought this dvd hoping to gain insights to teach to beginning students .  this dvd is not a real yoga session and the word yoga should not even be in the title !  what i did see was a woman who was very flexible ,  quite possibly a dancer ,  doing a workout routine that incorporated some yoga movements .  in most of the movements she taught ,  this instructor was hyperextended and moving in very fast repetitive motion .pass this one up !
i am a big fan of faerietales and stories for children ,  though i do not have any of my own .   on the whole i am unimpressed with the barbie series which is highly unoriginal with characters that seem as plastic as the dolls themselves .while it manages to be more of a sedative than a painful experience ,  it is not something that i would recommend to other lovers of faerietales and/or faerie lore .children ,  however ,  are often attracted to brightly colored things with simple stories ,  and will most likely love it
unfortunatly this dvd set is defective .  on disc 1 episode 3 the picture just freezes and then loops back to the opening scene .  i sent one back to amazon then got a replacement and had to send that one back as well .  so i thought maybe the ones at the store might not be defective so i bought a copy at target and it's the same problem !  i've written to anchor bay twice and they haven't bothered to reply .  this situation really angers me because i love this season but am not going to waste money on a defective product .  don't buy this dvd until the problem is resolved !  !  !  !
every review i've read about this movie pops and fizzes with praise and i just don't get it .   no one speaks until practically 10 minutes into it ,  and by then you're so confused by the random scenes thrown together and the cyrilic letters ,  it makes it hard to enjoy what comes next .   if you like extremely broad slapstick humor and find that totally charming ,  then i guess i can see the appeal .   everyone talks about how this movie spawned so many catch phrases .   i have to wonder what they could be :   " damned melon !  "  or  " i passed out when i broke my wrist ,  and when i woke up ,  the cast was already on !  "  ?  ?  ?   i will say listening to the dubbed english and having the english subtitles on at the same time does add some humor ,  because they say completely different things ,  or omit speech altogether .   in sum ,  don't waste your time
ignore the blurb on the vhs box ,  the movie is not about a couple's hot parties with hip friends ,  it is about a couple's awful parties with jerk friends .  now ,  that might not be a bad thing -- in fact ,  i think it could be easier to make a good movie about bad parties than about good ones -- but the advertising is dishonest .much worse ,  though ,  is the the pointless and boring character of the movie ,  which is about a bunch of stupid or verbally sadistic  " friends "  who mostly don't like each other .  while i've known cliques that keep getting together despite frictions between some members ,  it's inconceivable that these people would keep getting together for these abusive and tedious holiday events .  also ,  the couples' relationships ,  which come and go between these parties ,  are unexplained and mostly unexplored ,  as are some individuals' character changes ,  and indeed ,  almost everything that doesn't happen at the parties themselves
paul newman plays a burned-out private eye and gene hackman and susan sarandon are a movie-star couple with a long-buried dark secret .   too implausible ,  too many overdrawn secondary characters .   a rental at best
this is a pure rip-off from the cover of aerosmith's live bootleg album from 1978 .  .  . where's the shame ?  too bad twilight are not original enough to come up with their own cover .in another words ,  this dvd is pretty suck and the originality here is nowhere to be found .  .  . especially on the cover art that they stole from a much bigger band .
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad .  the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky  ( rodney eastman )  was in the movie .   ( for about 5 mins )  but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
not a bad movie .  .  . not a great movie .   ellen brustyn was great
what really bothered me about hudsucker proxy :  capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone ,  even communist slaves and fascist toady's under a democratic people ;  yet ,  hollywood insists on blasting corporate culture ,  when the overwhelming majority of businessmen are not only honest ,  they are exemplary .so much hollywood talent and money wasted on a bad idea ,  so what else is new ?   the coen's have jumped the shark with this take off of the american screwball comedy of the 30's .   i cringed every time jennifer jason leigh tried to imitate katharine hepburn's classic gargle .   the poor actress may have destroyed her career with this stinker .i can't stand tim robbin's politics ,  but must admit that he is the best actor to play a fool in the movies .   he almost carries this farce .   paul newman ;  however ,  is collecting a check .   he's been collecting checks since the 50's .   his salad dressing stinks too .i'm amazed at how much money the coen's command in hollywood on such flimsy pitches .   i loved fargo and enjoyed the big lebowski  ( not as much as some cult fans )  ,  but this film ,  why did they bother ?
this is by far the worst moive i've seen .  i love the first secret garden .  no one can do a sequel to a moive as good as the origanl .  it's a classic .  but this sequel is terriable .  it controdicts the first moive .  it takes the magic away .  if you liked the origanl ,  first moive don't watch this ,  it will take the magic out of the first moive
absolutely unwatchable .  cliche-ridden .  so silly it's very nearly offensive .  it's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb ,  beautiful women ,  buff ,  monkey-headed ghetto thugs ,  and jokey tricked-out cars .  without a doubt one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  the script is laughable ,  the acting worse .  vin diesel and paul walker are more  " dumb and dumber "  than  " butch cassidy and the sundance kid "  .  awful
i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels .   i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv .   instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons .   this would have been a better cd instead of a dv
i would love to review this lions gate dvd ,  but i can't catch one word in ten .   it is not ,  as advertised ,  closed-captioned ,  and the characters' speech is too casual and british for me to get .   drat !  -- i was so chuffed to see there was a cc version
before i review ,  i'd like to clear something up :  i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie .  i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim ,  ghost in the shell :  standalone complex .  i absolutely love that show ,  and so i figured eventually i'd have to get around to seeing the movie ,  which i knew full well shares no connection with the show .  they're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name ,   ( which i have not read ,  so i don't know which is more accurate )  but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way .there are many things i don't like about this movie ,  the biggest being poor pacing .  the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler ,  but that's the biggest problem .  there's not really enough story to last a full-length feature ,  because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short .  and since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes  ( there are barely any ,  and they aren't very impressive for the most part )  they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of ,  and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing ,  or a woman's nipples .  that's not cinematic artistry ,  that's being either lazy or perverted .the animation itself isn't even that good ,  especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago .  it's choppy ,  and there's not really a whole lot of detail  ( except when it comes to women's nipples )  .  looking at just the animation ,  if i didn't know better ,  i'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's .the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell .  it's probably kind of like how i didn't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i'd been spoiled by batman the animated series ,  and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman .  everything about the tv series is superior to this movie :  the animation ,  the stories ,  the character developement ,  the production values .  .  .  i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is .in short ,  if you're you're at all interested in the gits franchise ,  do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead .  you'll find a lot to love ,  but i can't say the same about the movie .  my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
if you like murder-mysteries ;  you might like this .  attractive leads perform an average script .technically ,  good costumes ,  good lighting ,  attractive sets .  the story holds your attention .  the detective is interesting ,  and his sleuthing has some interest .  if you like a light whodunnit ;  you may like this .  as good as anything on tv today .  i rated this 2-stars ,  compared to  " road to avonlea ,  third season "  mystery episode with christopher reeve ,  which i rate 4-stars .  not as clever as the tv show  " columbo "  ;  but the period setting may make up for this .this did not have what i was looking for ,  some adventure ,  more believability ,  more charm ,  and more cleverness .the sets are attractively  " staged "  ;  rather than sets that take you there .  has pleasant characters ;  but not deep .  some good humor personality with the servants .  the appeal is for one who likes a light ,  whodunnit detective film ,  in a period setting ;  without my great expectations .  i remember  " young sherlock holmes "  as better ;  though i saw it a long time ago .
i wasn't impressed by this film .    first of all ,  i could never  " buy "  that saskia reeves and clive owen were a brother and sister .   nothing in their mannerisms or physical appearances would lead you to believe that they are related .   nor does the backstory provided by the film give any credibility to their supposed brother-sister relationship .   they might as well have been unrelated lovers having a difficult relationship due to their massive immaturity and character problems ,  because that's how the relationship came across .personally ,  outside of the button-pushing topic of incest ,  i found this movie dull and sometimes tawdry .   clive owen looked and acted like a low-grade truculent lawrence harvey ,  and saskia reeves was simply annoying  ( like her character ,  a weak ,  hopeless drifter from job to job and man to man .  )  the only actors who showed any real feeling were alan rickman as the husband ,  and karl johnson as clive owen's aids-stricken boss .   karl johnson has the best scene in the film :   he goes to a meeting with sores around his mouth and in a wheelchair ,  obviously suffering from aids ,  and this very fact intimidates the guy he's gone to meet .   the man keeps trying to subtly jerk his uneaten lunch away from any contact with the karl johnson character ,  and in the end karl johnson seizes the guy's sandwich and bites it ,  then offers the other guy a bite ,  pushing the sandwich into his face ,  basically .  .  . it's a scene that crackles with his anger & pain at being trapped by this illness ,  which is going to kill him ,  while this corrupt and self-important man is able to function normally .but aside from that wake-up call ,  the film dragged ,  and by the time clive owen's character was shouting in the climatic scene his realization that he's been used by his  " sister "  to inflate her sense of self-importance ,  i was long gone ,  with my head nodding .much ado about nothing ,  frankly .   one star for the soundtrack ;  one star for the performances of alan rickman  ( what little he has to work with ,  he shines )  and karl johnson .   die-hard clive owen fans such as myself ;  eeeh ,  pass on this .
i found this film accidentially on amazon and was curious because i know welles didn't complete a great deal of films .   his directorial flourishes are definitely evident ,  but it is hard to really enjoy the film do to the quality of the transfer .   the picture is dark and the audio is exceptionally bad .   it looks like there were some budgetary issues in the making of the film so i couldn't tell whether this was a bad dvd presentation of a mediocre film ,  or an awful movie put on dvd badly .   i did not shell out of the criterion edition ,  which might give a better glimpse into the qualities of the film
i rented this dvd because of the glowing reviews here and because i wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the middle east .  overall ,  i was disappointed by this offering because it didn't give sufficient background and seemed to speak primarily to those who already had a knowledge of the subject .   ( it also seems to me to be *a bit* biased in israel's favor vis-a-vis the palestinians ,  but that flaw could be accepted and filtered appropriately .  )for instance ,  the documentary jumps right into the last zionist congress in 1939  ( or whenever it was )  ,  but they never define what the zionist movement is or where it came from .  i know some of this from my reading ,  but it would be nice to have a summary here -- especially as it relates to the main players in the rest of the documentary .  i wish the documentary would have at least started with wwi and the british occupation of palestine after the fall of the ottoman empire ,  rather than picking up at wwii and mentioning some of the wwi details later .  doing so would have answered questions like ,   " why are the british so important here ?  "another example is keeping track of the people ,  places ,  and organizations ,  which are often named in hebrew or arabic and are unfamiliar to the uninitiated .  it made the sequence of events hard to follow because we had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what and where .  using more text on the screen ,  more maps ,  more recaps ,  and perhaps more english translations would have improved things greatly ,  methinks .the film certainly has value ,  not least because it is told by a participant and first-hand observer ,  but it is not for those without much familiarity with the people ,  places ,  and issues at hand
i'm not sure what everyone else watched ,  maybe i was expecting to much after reading these other reviews ,  but i was more than just a little disappointed .  the women are attractive that is for sure ,  but that's the only thing this movie has going for it .  the sex footage was over before is started .  at the most they lasted about 30 seconds .  i'm not looking for hard-core porn ,  but this was far from what i was looking for .  my suggestion is 'buyer-be-aware'
this movie was so boring and stupid ,  i turned it off after about 45 minutes .   maybe i had a poor copy ,  but i could barely understand what paula prentiss was saying -- and it wasn't because she was &quot ; under the influence ! &quot ;   i ran it back a few times but still couldn't make it out .   from the other reviewers ,  it sounds like it got better but ,  if something doesn't grab my attention after 30 minutes ,  i say forget it
jodie foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end .  the only mystery is in the details .  no real suspense .  i found the plot to be a little farfetched
ok ,  i am trying to redeem myself from low budget movies such as  "  vampire assassin "  then i run into another bad movie .  lets face it ,  this movie totally blows .  and what is with the main character and her cheesy fighting sound effects ?  what was eva thinking when she decide to appear in this movie ,  she wasn't even the main star .  more like a background character with maybe 3 sentences to say and thats it .please rent this one
the voice over sounds like the guy from the hoky motivational videos everyone had to watch in high school .  this is an overly-sentimental piece of sh*t .  some ,  and only some ,  of the visuals are really incredible  ( the tow-in scenes )  .  . the rest is a feel-good ,  surfers-are-awesome waste of time .  i love to surf .  .  . for my own reasons .  it's not because i need to feel like a part of a big  " community "  .  for authentic ,  thought-provoking surf films ,  check out  " thicker than water "  ,   " brokedown melody "  and  " september sessions "  .  save  " step into liquid "  for the people who fall all over themselves for the next predictable hollywood offering
along with the nanny ,  the stepdad ,  the cable guy ,  the 14-year-old girl with a crush .  .  .  we now have the photo processing clerk to fear !  yes ,  everyone is out to get us .  .  or at least that's what hollywood would have us believe .i am getting sick of films like this that constantly contort  normal healthy human interaction and community relations into perverse horrors that are far from reality .  no wonder we live in a culture of such exagerrated suspicion ,  mistrust ,  fear  ( and the resulting isolation )  when we have films like this constantly stoking these fears of people around us .yes ,  films like these have their place .  however ,  i think hollywood has taken it a bit too far and needs to pull itself back into reality .
i remember going to great lengths to fit a matine showing of heaven's prisoners into a busy saturday afternoon during its 1996 theatrical release .  considering the source material and the talent behind and in front of the camera ,  our little filmgoing party of detective-film fans and alec baldwin groupies  ( a . k . a .  my mom ,  my stepfather ,  and me )  found this contemporary film noir to be a big disappointment .  baldwin ,  who also served as co-producer ,  brought james lee burke's new orleans ex-cop/recovering alcoholic hero dave robichoux from the printed page to the big screen .  while baldwin and the rest of the cast did well in fleshing out burke's characters and have some tangy tough-guy/gal dialogue ,  they're hampered by two things :1 .  )  the film's slo-o-o-ow pacing .  maybe the louisiana heat got to everyone ,  not just baldwin .  of all the actors ,  long island native baldwin sweats the most ,  so much that it began to remind me of the sweating-bullets gags with albert brooks in broadcast news and robert hays in airplane !2 .  )  a plot that ,  as rendered in the film  ( whether it's the fault of the screenwriter or the editor ,  i can't be sure )  ,  never quite follows through on any of its elements .  it's too bad ,  because these elements could've made for an exciting movie :  drug dealing ,  illegal alien smuggling ,  rival crime bosses  ( one is played colorfully by eric roberts before he became a parody of himself ,  essentially playing a southern-fried version of his character from director phil joanou's 1992 thriller final analysis )  ,  an adorable little salvadoran orphan girl  ( named  " alafair "  by the robichouxs ,  after dave's mom .  late in my pregnancy at the time ,  i liked the name alafair so much ,  i nearly changed my mind about naming my then-unborn daughter siobhan !  )  ,  and a bevy of beautiful ,  beguiling women ,  including earth mother kelly lynch ,  vampy teri hatcher in a full-frontal nude scene that was much ballyhooed at the time ,  and mary stuart masterson ,  looking like a young jessica lange in what was then a change-of-pace role for her :  a troubled stripper who loves robichoux .  despite the sexy promises in the movie's ads ,  none of the ladies share anything with baldwin but dialogue and some kisses and/or embraces .  maybe the climate was already so hot ,  the filmmakers didn't want to add any further steaminess for fear of poor baldwin collapsing from heat prostration !  as my mom put it at the time :   " i thought the height of my day would be seeing sexy ,  dashing alec baldwin ,  but he came up sweaty ,  rumpled ,  tired ,  depressed ,  and moving as if he was in slow motion .  if he'd made love as many times as he got beaten up ,  it would've been the sexiest picture of '96 !  "to be fair ,  there *are* a number of strong characterization and action scenes ,  but there's just too darn much talky ,  molasses-paced lag time between them -- and yet ,  oddly ,  some of the scenes end abruptly just as they're about to become intriguing !  perhaps joanou ,  baldwin & co .  could've dredged a tighter ,  more involving thriller out of this if they'd whittled the 140-minute running time down to 105 minutes or so .  as heaven's prisoners is now .  .  . well ,  read james lee burke's books instead .
okay ,  this is a really bad movie .   that said ,  there are some moments here that are so over-the-top bad that they're funny .   the fake accents are so horrible that they become campy and the now notorious love scene involving sandra bullock is outright hilarious .  .  . and very embarassing .   how she could be making love without removing a single garment is a mystery ,  but the acting in that scene is ridiculous ,  as well .   however ,  it is certainly memorable .   sandra bullock shows up for another short scene later in the film ,  but her role is essentially a throw away part .   then there is the sudden appearance of notable actor steve buscemi at the very beginning of the film in which he seems almost ashamed to be in .   his character never returns to the story after that .   by the end of the film there are so many plot twists that heartfelt boredom ensues .   the acting is bad ,  the budget is obviously low ,  and the script ,  which invokes the occasional giggle ,  is a quivering mass of bulbous drivel .   avoid this film
saw the previews of the first movie ,  but i wasn't expecting too much from that .  i tried to finish both the first and the second ,  but that didn't work out too well .  .  . i felt these films didn't deserved to be watched all the way to the end .  i don't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie ,  and that includes the first .  all i really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it .  .  . y'all should really consider watching cops and those insane police chases shown on tv .  after all this is just another episode of cops with guest actors in it
george sluizer's original dutch-french version of the vanishing  ( aka the man who wanted to know )  offers one of european cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths ,  feeling his way one step at a time towards murder .  if you've seen that version ,  you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head ,  but the film had plenty more to offer than that ,  playing with chronology ,  subverting the usual cliches of its 'lady vanishes' plot  ( the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive )  and throwing in some excellent characterization .  i can only assume that for this 1993 us remake sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself ,  but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work .  his career never recovered .chief culprit is an astonishing performance by jeff bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level .  a friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing ,  and this film is the proof of the pudding .  every movement is overly mechanical in its precision ,  making him look like a rusty clockwork toy ,  while his voice is a bizarre mixture of tootsie ,  latka gravas from taxi and a dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from dok-tah e-ville .  no banality of evil here ,  just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying  " please .  let .  me .  kill .  you .  thank you .  for your .  consideration . 'but the blame really needs to be shared out here .  none of the performances are good :  often ,  they don't even look good - keifer sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station ,  nancy travis flounders badly and sandra bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession .  not that they're given any help by either director or writer todd graff .  the script is particularly weak .  the chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film .  worse is the rush the film is in ,  draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next .  rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location ,  we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her .  as for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a tv cop show' moment - best not go there .  .  .  which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie .  even a shockingly bland and uninspired jerry goldsmith score can't do anything for this one .
well ,  i wrote the review about this set ,  and boy was i disappointed when i got it .   i see that the company who produced it must have paid very little in royalties as there are numerous silent episodes and ones with the lesser caracters .   1 disc has spanky and alfalfa and the fifth is a sad attempt at filling out this collection .   the transfers are terrible and the sound is worse .   come on guys ,  at least try to put some effort into it !  !  !   i got the set ,  watched it&lt ;  and traded it in at the local hock shop for something i could use .   what a waste of money !  !
the flight into new york had been a long one ;  but i was gently revived when kirsten dunst met me at the airport .   she was to be my escort that night at the lincoln center where the president would present me the distinguished writer's cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author .   i quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her mercedes s class sedan to the waldorf astoria downtown ." i have to admit that i didn't you who you were until i read starless grasslands .   i don't mean to embarrass you ;  but that book changed my life .  "i tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment .   for the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while i approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile .   i very much approved of her legs .as i departed the car ,  kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes ." don't forget .   i'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together .   please be ready .  "i expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp .   the hotel staff greeted me and soon i entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor .   as i entered the suite ,  the steward took my request to have my suit blushed ,  prepared and returned in a few hours .finally ,  a bit of peace .   i poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below .   for a few moments i contemplated the remarks i was to make at this evening's formal ceremonies ,  then i heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room .i turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked sandy bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit ." well ,  crabby ,  aren't you glad to see me ?  "before i could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right .   it was jennifer aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit ." sweetheart ,  don't look at her .   come here to me .  "" get out !  "  screamed sandy ." no ,  you get out .   it's not fair .   i left brad for him so i get him !  "the two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment .   then sandy leapt at jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other .   it was a ferocious sight as pulled hair ,  shrieks of pain ,  and nylon tearing could be heard .   then almost a quickly as it began ,  the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room .   several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor .sandy marched back into the room victorious .   i ran to the door of the sitting room only to see jennifer laid out on the floor out cold ,  spread eagle and naked .   before i could think of what to do sandy tapped me on my shoulder .   i turned around and there sandy stood .   a little worse for wear .   trying to catch her breath .   nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet ." forget her .   she won't bother us now .  "sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face ,  smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume .   she posed standing and anticipating my admiration ." now i'm all sweaty and warm .   i need a shower .  "   sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond .i turned around and wondered what i should do for poor jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor .   then i heard sandy calling ." crabby ,  why don't you come and help me ?   you could soap up my .  .  .  .  .  .  "oops !  !  !  !   sorry !  !  !   err .  .  . just a little fantasy of mine .   i meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over .   i swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here .   you see ,  the cover of this dvd displays ms .  bullock prominently with her name in big font letters .   but in truth this movie focuses on tate donovan as the main character and only on ms .  bullock as his unlikely love interest .as much as i  " love "  sandra bullock ,  i have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her .   her best films have been while you were sleeping ,  wrestling ernest hemingway and the much-unappreciated hope floats .   unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like fire on the amazon ,  hangman ,  speed 2 and this movie .the plot revolves around two  " losers in love "  who are unappealing both in looks and personality .   donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman  ( an unrecognizable anne bancroft )  and soon both donovan and bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet .   all goes well until others find out their secret and donovan and bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other .the story is predictable and unfortunately not very funny or all that sweet .   chances are you can find a copy of this dvd fairly cheap and it is not a bad way to kill some time while you're waiting for your own boyfriend or girlfriend to get off work-or your friends to wake up from their naps-so you can really do something worth wild .
i recently saw les miserables - 10th anniversary concert on dvd and absolutely fell in love with it so i thought i would try something similar and decided to give candide try .   boy ,  was i disappointed .   i can't get past the first 30 minutes -- all these silly gimmicky  " jokes "  that are not even remotely funny .   the singing is not bad  ( this cast has better technical control of their voices compared to the cast in les miz )  but the choreography is trite and unimaginative ,  and the acting so juvenille that you'd think the characters are retarded .   when the narrator fired his gun and a  " bang "  flag shot out from the gun instead -- that was over the top for me .  .  .  .   yuck .
i was hoping that  " socermania "  would be on the  " extreme sports fun "  dvd but no !  instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the  " disney treasures "  this also goes for the other two dvd's extreme music and adventure fun ,  allthough 'pluto's blue note' ,  'donald's dilemma' 'no sail' 'old sequoia' and 'trailer horn' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures  " disney rarities "  and  " the chronological donald volume 2 "  ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration )  who needs these dvds ,  so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration
there are 2 types of people who like black and white films :  old people and clever clogs know-it-alls .  why watch this when you can buy picture perfect with the lovely jennifer aniston for the same price .  the emperor's new clothes
if you own or have watched  " the blue planet "  series .  .  .  you're going to recognize all of the footage .   why ?   because you've already seen it .   except this time it's going to be without the informative narrative .for those of you who just want to watch a nature movie with very little talking .  .  .  then i guess this is for you .the only reason i'm giving this two stars is because the  ( reused )  footage is incredible .   i don't particularly appreciate being misled by the advertising .  .  .  i was expecting something new ,  not the recycled and repackaged presentation i got
the movie directors in the me ,  particularly iranians ,  are responding to demands by the west for certain type of movies .  they produce what is demanded from them ;  in turn ,  they receive awards .  cultural industry empowers these demands ;  they are the ones who will ensure that such movies will be received the western audiences and they are the ones who decide who is awarded .  there is no single me movie which depict the story of western imperialism in the me and then awarded for doing so .  me movies must show that me women are in need of emancipation ;  me cultures are presented as in need of getting civilized .  civilization itself is presented in vertical sense ;  there is a civilization somewhere out there all measterners are expected to reach ;  yet ,  it was that same civilization that threw doll bombs on them .   ( no reference to who threw them doll bombs or who mined their country ;  who deprived them of education and knowledge .  the west is represented by beautiful ,  blonde nurses ,  a nice american guy who just pretend to be a doctor and help them with his  " everyday western knowledge of medicine "  in the midst of total ignorance ,  and the helicopters that threw on them fake legs .  such a nice way to civilize !  )the story of afghanistan is real .  however ,  the movie does not render a fair job in reflecting the background of it .  rather ,  it does an excellent job in meeting the cultural demand ;  in producing a product that can sell well .the situation is miserable ;  but what caused such misery in afghanistan ?  your answer after seeing the movie will be that it is islam ;  it is that islamic culture ;  that backward culture of those people with wonderful eyes .  such a conclusion is strongly demanded in the absence of other factors .  there is no single implying in the movie ,  a smallest reference ,  that afghanistan has suffered centuries old imperialism at the hands of the british and then the russian and now americans who played their great game on the chessboard of eurasia .  there is a passage in the movie to the effect that somebody will come to liberate them .  those imperialists came in the name of civilization ;  french did to algeria ,  the british did to india ;  all in the name of bringing them civilization .  it was white man's burden to do so .  yet makhmalbaf needs more awards .  he has to compete in the cultural circus and perform well for the pleasure of western audiences ,  in order to continue to be in demand .  you did a nice job ,  applauses ;  go on .( anyone who is interested in cultural imperialism should read foucault's works and edward said's orientalism .
i'll get this out of the way :  i never liked the 80's slasher films .  stuff like the halloween series ,  nightmare on elm street or friday the 13th just never entertained me all that much .  the idea of slow walking killers going after olympic sprinters and still get caught felt really ridiculous to me .  of course the major draw was the death scenes :  elaborate moments of viciousness .  flinging jason into the future is of course going to elicit unintentional laughing but it's a good kind of laughing for some reason .jason is in the future in a facility on a planet ,  except he escapes ( of course )  .  disposing of scientists ,  including the fly and scanners director david cronenberg ,  he ends up getting cryogenically frozen ,  along with another scientist .  flash forward 400 years and a ship discovers them and founds out ,  ooh ,  a nice reward for jason .  as usual he comes to life and does what he does best :  kill attractive looking hotties .you don't go to these movies to expect well-written dialogue ,  character depth or anything ,  you come for the kills and to tell you the truth ,  they're slightly disappointing .  besides one kill ,  which answers the question of what happens when a frozen face hits a hard surface ,  the kills are kind of been there/done that .  it's basically stab here ,  impale there ,  it seems kind of unimaginative .  a few even happen off screen with the yelling off in the distance .characters are just there to be taken care of brutally and some are .  however ,  jason does what i'm starting to hate is kill off the very cute girls .  one girl ,  wearing a top with a belly showing gets disposed off ( off screen )  and i'm like  " damn guy ,  let one cute girl live for once !  "  .  dialogue is of course stupid but there were some funny lines .  a self-deprecating parody about the sex teens have in the film is referenced .   " we love premarital sex !  "  is so classic ,  as well as  " it's okay ,  he just wanted his machete back !  "  .  granted they won't make an afi list but they made me laugh .it's the kind of movie that you probably weren't supposed to like :  it was ridiculous and dumb but boy did it seem fun .  just wish it was better
this is a  " goody-goody "  ronald reagan propaganda style film .  by that i mean that it tries to portray the us as the good guys being hit by the bad ones .  it doesn't say what dirty role the us cia had in birthing the whole horrible genie of fundamentalis islam ,  how it set up ,  equipped and nurtured not only bin laden and his al-qaeda ,  but a whole bunch of other loathsome islamic terror outfits now stalking the globe - like the islamic brotherhood and the taliban for instance :  all just to defeat the ussr ,  and gain access to hydrocarbon rich regions ,  to fuel the greedy american consumerist lifestyle which us citizens take so much for granted .  i am not a  " conspiracy theorist "  ;  these people are usually an absurd breed ,  going off at the other extreme tangent .  i live in peshawar ,  the hotbed of cia mischief in the 1980s and 90s  ( and even now )  ,  and the area where i live - the university town - housed all the actors on this stage :  the us officials and spies ,  their clubs ,  the afghan  " mujahideen "  leaders' houses ,  etc .  etc .  .  .  i grew up seeing all this going on literally next door ,  and so would like to apprise my american friends of the unpleasant truth .  the national geographic and the reader's digest magazines are two long established icons of us media culture that have served as the unofficial  ( and therefore hard to suspect )  mouthpieces of some of the most outrageous us propaganda drives .  .  .  never trust their political commentaries ,  although their articles about polar bears and planets can be very nice .  .
love michael buble ,  but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience .  parts of michael's head was cut off ,  and then ;  sometimes ,  his whole head was cut off .  most of the time ,  the camera man didn't expect where michael was going to move to and you'll get a jerky movement of the camera man trying to get michael back into the picture .  i wish they would have said in the description that this was more of a documentary than a concert .  that this was just home made videos .  this was definitely not worth $20 .  if you want a professional quality concert ,  i would recommend buying michael buble's caught in the act .  caught in the act was worth the $20 bucks .  you get professional camera men who anticipated michael's movements ,  and parts of his head was never cut off like come fly with me's dvd .  also ,  the sound quality on caught in the act was way better .  now ,  i understand why some places sold come fly with me dvd's and had the word enhanced after it .  the dvd that i received was not enhanced .  anyways ,  skip this one ,  and get  " caught in the act "  instead .
what a rip off !  this is my very first bad experience with amazon .  heck ,  this is the first time i haven't been extremely satisfied .who in the world would purposely order a psp disc of any movie ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  the heading for this item still incorrectly states that it is a two  ( 2 )  disc set .  it does not mention that it is in some stange format no one in their right mind would buy .  you can imagine my surprise when i opened the case and found what looked like some kind of strange contraceptive device .  don't order this
this dvd is quite expensive but yields little to justify the cost .   the film lacks any real drama and becomes terribly boring after the first ten or so minutes .   the acting is hopeless .  .  . really ,  really bad !   although there are many  " soldiers "  involved in the battle scenes ,  it's all pretty unconvincing ,  considering the carnage of the real conflict .   in all honesty ,  as much as i enjoy movies of the civil war ,  i'd like to return this for a refund .   alas ,  that's a prospect that has , indeed ,  gone with the wind .   thumbs down to this one
i am 38 and considered obese ,  however i work in a busy operating room all day and found this to be too easy .  this dvd would be great for the older generations .  i still need to loose 45 pounds and i am using denise austin's burn fat fast .
while i've been a big fan of ghost in the shell ,  these stories are the worst yet .   ( i've watched the first three episodes on cartoon network as the dvd is not out yet )  .in  " make up "  ,  the story is flawed in that paz would have never been allowed to roam  " free "  while an exact copy cat of himself is on the lose killing people .in  " poker face "  the  " emperial "  america is such and anti-american statement especially when the amercian un forces have the american flag sewed on their uniforms backwards !  this may have been an error but i doubt it .in pat .  the tachikoma's voices are so annoying and so much information is thrown at you that it's hard to follow .  most if is a rehash on previous episodes .  with their childest voices ,  they shouldn't be used as a main plot of the story
his girl friday is an ok movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century .   i think it was supposed to be funny ,  and it may have been at the time ,  but most of the dialog was lost on me
i just opened a box with a cesar millan book and this dvd .  imagine my surprise .  i don't like the pairing of this book with cesar's stuff either !  now i have an extra errand and cost to ship back .  if anything like this ever happens again ,  there are other sites to order from online .  i don't want it to be too much work to browse and  " study "  the copy .  .  . i feel a bit cheated
i own over 250 dvds ,  with a huge mixture of types .   this is the worst movie for this year i've seen so far .   what a waste of my time .   go ahead and see it ,  but i don't recommend it
i agree ,  these were not used in the first two seasons for a good reason ,  they are not that good .   ok ,  there is maybe one or two slightly funny sketches but it is not worth buying .   i love charlie murphy and the ashy guy and i think they could have done more with these guys to make it funny .   dave ,  come back to tv
this show deserved to get cancelled ,  and there's a very simple reason .   this is supposedly dry ,  subtle comedy for people who don't usually like dry ,  subtle comedy .   it's a show that was presented to the fox audience ,  an audeince that normally likes the most inane ,  low-brow kind of humor ,  that doesn't know what dry comedy is and would fall for a pitiful imitation of it .meanwhile ,  to people who actually appreciate subtlety and dry humor ,  the so-called comedy in the show is unbelievably obvious and predictable .   every time a line is spoken on that show that is supposed to be a joke ,  it's clear how forced and contrived it is ,  how hard the creators of this show are trying to fake dry humor ,  something they clearly don't understand .   it's embarrassing for someone with appreciation for humor to watch ,  because the jokes are so uninspired and fall so flat .   it's just an awkward mess .but those aren't the people this show is targeted at .   it's targeted at that fox audience who has never even seen dry humor before ,  and so anything even resembling it is new and amazing to them .   they think this show is brilliant because it's a little smarter than mad tv ,  or at least thinks it is .   and since those are the people who are seeing the show ,  you hear all these people raving about how brilliant it is .   if the show were on hbo or some other network ,  exposed to a different kind of audience ,  you would hear a lot more negative response to it from people who like dry comedy that actually works .so why did this show get cancelled ,  when so many people think it's so amazing ?   if it's so great ,  people would have actually watched it ,  right ?   so where were the ratings ?   the fact is ,  the people who love this show are a very vocal minority .   the audience for dry humor didn't watch this show because it's not funny .   but the audience who was fooled by this show ,  as vocal as they are ,  was just too small :   they were people who were encountering something other than inanity for the first time in their lives and thought it would make them look smart to pretend to like it .this is not one of those shows that was cancelled because it was too smart for tv ,  as its apologists claim .   no ,  it simply was a completely unfunny failure that was only impressive to people who have never heard anything but fart jokes
i myself am a huge buffy/angel fan ,   i had read the reviews here and i thought it was worth a shot seeing it .   well the script was terrible ,   the story even worse ,   direction - don't get me started .    one reviewer said it ,   it was like they didn't know whose point of view to choose .   the soundtrack was awful .   the ending was sooo stupid .   did anyone else see the people at the docks leaning against the rail as three people are shot in front of them .  .  .   they just keep standing there .   like nothing is happening .   i really haven't seen a movie this bad in .  .  .  well .  .  .   ever !  !   oh and alyson hannigan's acting was way better in my stepmother is an alien .  i think she was about 13 in that role .   don't get me wrong she's a extremely talented actress .  .  .   i blame it on the script .rent it ,   don't buy it .   you'll be embarassed to own it .   i am
this movie was a weak effort by capra ,  who directed it ,  and the star ,  gary cooper .  it's a good story ,  just poorly directed  ( capra can't hit a home run every time )  .  i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on .  and no extra features on the dvd ,  at least none to speak of
i don't know how this skunk got 4 and 1/2 stars on amazon let alone one !   i could hear hepburn ,  bogart and holden rolling over with a resounding boom .   i think this is mainly because of ford's linus .   he is a very unsympathetic character in this remake .   the film critics said that ,  while the original sabrina was about her transformation ,  this version was about linus' transformation .   but here linus shows no transformation that you can really see .   his explanation to sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end-  " there was a merger ,  and you were in the way .   no hard feelings "  is very cold compared with bogart's  " would you believe i enjoyed every minute of it ?  "   in the original ,  you get the feeling that sabrina gets the right man ;  you don't get that here at all
dull ,  dull ,  dull .if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have .pointless
how i made it through this poorly executed ,  poorly written sequel ,  i have no idea .  catherine's in trouble again and people she meets are dying .  who's the murderer ,  catherine ,  the shrink who lusts over her ,  or the cop who's so eager to toss her into the clink and throw away the key ?  catherine certainly gets around :  she manages to befriend the most unlikely of people ,  all associates or ex-wives or enemies of the shrink ,  and most of them end up dead .  is she trying to drive the shrink nuts ,  or does she plan to kill him ?this movie makes little sense :  it doesn't thrill or tantalize .  and it offers sharon stone in an unflattering light ,  as a cold seductress with little to offer but mindless sex .  but then that seems to be her best role ,  doesn't it ?  it doesn't work this time around ,  and the only realism is in stone's sneer :  it looked all too natural
while i have not purchased this box set i have seen many of the episiodes several times as i am a fan of spongebob allthough he and patrick can be a bit pathetic at times .  for example ,  in  " the idiot box "  when they order a tv just to play in the box .  anywhyey as someone has said in there reviews some dummy snipped out  " just one "  bit of the episiode  " just one bite "  which is my personal favorite spongebob episiode because of the music as well as the humor .  you all know it so there's no need for explanation .  i think it's so pathetic that certain scene's in cartoons have to be snipped out
the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens ,  very disapointtin
comedy comes in many forms--everything from crude slapstick to subtle satire--and in  " just friends "  there is an uneasy fusion of two classic movie types .   first ,  the movie wants to be a gross-out comedy .   the sight gags are plentiful ,  the physical comedy abundant and often cruel ,  and the dialogue absurdly unrealistic .   however ,  the movie also wants to be taken seriously as a typical romantic comedy--the variation where two people are meant to be together but various situations have kept them apart .   these elements have been combined successfully in the past-- " there's something about mary "  jumps right to mind .   here ,  we get something far less successful .first ,  the good news .   there are legitimate laughs to be had in  " just friends "  and that was a pleasant surprise .   if you don't care about character development and just want inane humor ,  you could do worse than this movie .   and if the sight of ryan reynolds in a fat suit sounds like the height of hilarity to you--check this out right away .sadly ,  it's the romantic comedy angle that fails to ignite .   there is nothing real at stake here to care about--and the blame for this falls squarely on reynolds' character  ( i'll use the word character lightly here )  .   reynolds may be one of our greatest sitcom actors working--the problem ,  however ,  is that he's not in sitcoms anymore .   he's making movies ,  unfortunately--and his hamming up to the camera always seem to take the place of a real character .   here ,  he plays a celebrity insider--a successful ,  trendy record executive .   and yet ,  he's not believable as trendy ,  successful or professional .   his character vacillates between being the a villain and a hero ,  you never know or understand him--he just does whatever is necessary to set up the next gag .it's too bad ,  really ,  because amy smart--as his love interest--is playing a character .   i'm not usually a fan ,  but here she does nicely and the movie lets her down .   but it's anna faris that i'm going to single out for the most inspired performance .   the funniest bits to me revolve around her character--a shallow ,  insane pop star .   sure ,  it's an easy target--but she throws herself into the role with such hilarious ,  over-the-top gusto that she is easily a cast standout .again ,  some humor--no emotion .   if you don't expect much from your comedy ,  you might just like this .   the fatal flaw for me is that i felt this film wanted me to care about the central relationship ,  but didn't do anything to make it real .
i bought 2 barbie dvd and this is one of them .  it's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one i have  ( mermaidia )  .  it doesn't attract my daughter like mermaidia and she doesn't like it that much .  don't buy this .  get the mermaidia one
roger ebert ,  a review i greatly respect and normally agree with ,  raved about this flick .   roger ,  i love you ,  but you missed the boat on this one .i'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already .   suffice it to say ,  david lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman english  (  " okay ,  class ,  who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in lord of the flies ?   david ,  how about you ?  "  )  and now want to inflict it on you ,  the unwitting movie watching public .   thanks ,  mr .  lynch ,  but i'll pass .   i didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of crime and punishment and i didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of mulholland drive .to add insult to injury ,  lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense ,  rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense .   this habit of his is less noticible in this film than ,  say ,  twin peaks ,  mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless .   yeah ,  it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life ,  but more along the lines of  "  .  .  . i would've won powerball this week except i spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the renfaire ,  what the heck was i thinking .  .  .  "  or  "  .  .  . i wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie ,  what the heck was i thinking .  .  .  "  but i've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf .   i must live a sheltered life or something .lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his dvd ,  believing his movie must be watched in its entirety ,  or not at all  ( i'd advise the second .  )   to be fair ,  in this case i don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance ,  but rather by the knowledge that every male ,  if given the chance ,  would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action .   c'mon all you 5 star givers ,  admit it !   you find the movie pretentious and silly ,  but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art !to reiterate ,  if i wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence i'll rewatch dallas - if i wanted to see a nice rack i'll take my top off and look in the mirror .   who needs mulholland drive
i liked this movie but i also didn't like it .the story line was very predictable .  i saw a similar movie of true movies .the acting was fairly good .  it does go to show how ignorant people are when it comes to rape . after watching this movie i realise why many rapes go unreported
dubbed and renamed .  see the original swordsman ii instead
this pride and prejudice fan was hoping for a modern-day movie with a storyline much closer to pride and prejudice .   even colin firth could'nt save this one for me !   on its own i found it sadly lacking in just about everything i look for in a romantic comedy including romance and humor .    if you are a true pride and prejudice fan ,  i recommend buying the bbc series and the 2005 movie version .   both are excellent .   i would'nt waste my time again with this one
great movie .  the problem is in the medium of delivery .   there are 2 dvds in the package .  each dvd contains approximately 1/2 of the movie .   the audience/customer would be better served if the entire movie was on one dvd .in addition ,  the 2nd dvd is defective .    the scene where alexander's father is assasinated consists of some normal footage ,  many lengthy 'still' pictures ,  no picture at all for a period of time ,  and a short period that looked like satelite feed was breaking -- all on a dvd that's supposed to be flawless
this movie is quite possibly the biggest waste of christian bale and colin farrell to date .   it was boring ,  overblown and incessantly long .   it's one of those movies where you keep hoping it will get better ,  but it never does - and then it just ends .   don't waste the time or the money
i guess i expected more out of this movie but i confess i was mildly disappointed in it .  at first ,  the movie seems to be having a hard time making up its mind whether to be a comedy or a drama and the resulting mish mash is a bit unsettling .  still ,  it was a great cast ;  dean martin was particularly adept at westerns ,  much more so than frank sinatra ,  who pretty much plays frank sinatra in this one .  it is fun to see the two of them compete for the ladies ,  in this case ,  anita ekberg and ursula andress .  the bad guys are well represented by victor buono and charles bronson .  a fun movie but not particularly memorable .
this video is boring .  too much talking and too little talking from the muppet characters .  might be suited more for an older child but mine is 13 months so there has to be constant colorful characters for her to be interested
if you love hip hop then don't buy this video .  it's a mix of movements that are not hip hop
shipment was very fast and dvd is just as discribed .  i even got a car with it !  !  !
alias must the most boring and dumbest show on tv in years .  the acting is lame and everyone is always looking down and try to act .  the story is boring and always so typical james bond .  don't waste your money and time on this crappy non-funny piece of crap .
one of the most overrated comedy shows ever .  basically the calibre of a high school talent show .  in a way it reminds me of tom goes to the mayor ,  seemingly fitting into a comedy niche i don't understand which is more about being weird than being clever ,  but it seems like it's even more about being dull than being weird .  i've heard improv described as being not about trying to think of something funny to say but just saying whatever comes into your head .  i think these guys took that a bit too much to heart .  maybe the fans see some subtle naunces i'm missing ,  but to me it seems like i could have written most of this material with little effort .
maybe it's just me ,  but i really don't see the appeal of this movie .  it's an incredibly small production  ( 3 actors comprise nearly the entire film )  ,  with very low production values .  norman reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker ,  but alan rickman and polly walker are not at their finest ,  either .   ( and i am an alan rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie .  )  if you are an alan rickman fan ,  chances are you've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them .  and dark harbor is just one more of these .  don't let the promise of a  " nude scene "  convince you to buy this movie - honestly ,  alan rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on .  as far as the movie is concerned ,  the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging .  it is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off .
i have always like denise austin ,  however ;  this was tape was way too fast for a beginner .   i thought it was for beginner and on up .   denise went way to fast and she did not explain the poses at all .   i will not be using this tape .   i was disappointed because normally i love her videotapes and her .
simply put :  the movie is boring .   clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together .  it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary .  the main plot is very thin  ( a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince ,  gets caught and then warns the prince  ( why ?  )  )  and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting .  so ,  a kid dies ,  which results in the  " natural "  response of the father :  freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death .  the lawyer has a drunk  " friend "  and keeps him around ,  why ,  no one knows .  some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship .all in all ,  this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while .  i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged .  i neither laughed nor cried ,  i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause .  it meant nothing to me ,  which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie .save your money ,  save your time ,  choose another movie .
i did not much enjoy this film ,  and i didn't find it very clever or funny .it's true ,  as other amazon reviewers have noted ,  that citizen ruth stereotypes both sides of the abortion issue .  does that make it an intelligent and even-handed comic treatment of a complex topic ?  no ,  indeed .along the way ,  it also stereotypes poor people ,  middle class people ,  teenagers ,  drug addicts ,  christians ,  and vietnam veterans .  that doesn't make it funny ,  though ,  because the satire is so heavy-handed and predictable .  simply tackling an important social topic ,  like abortion ,  isn't going to give a film the heft to generate either drama or humor .  in my opinion ,  the film's pretentious take on a big issue just makes it creepy .  there were too many close-ups of earnest ,  wide-pored ,  and angry faces .  and burt reynolds as the national leader of the anti-abortion crowd was just peculiar .  what was he doing in this film ?  and what are we supposed to make of his relationship with the young eric ?laura dern is a talented actress ,  and she does a creditable job with this part -- which because it straddles genres was a challenging one .  but her talent couldn't redeem this film for me
( 1 )  scarlett o'hara is the least likable  " heroine "  i've ever seen .  she has no redeeming qualities .( 2 )  we're supposed to sympathize with the south and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks ?( 3 )  this movie is way too long and dull .( 4 )  i'm glad they burned atlanta to the ground .( 5 )  there was nothing honorable or respectable about the old south and the plantation way of the life .  the  " gentlemen "  were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them .( 6 )  i'd rather watch  " mandingo "  than this racist garbage any day of the week
eraser has a few scenes that will keep your attention ,  but overall the movie displayed poor acting ,  stunts that are impossible and a mediocre plot .  this movie possibly will be owned by many ,  but remembered by few .  james caan was the only talent that eraser has to offer .  sorry guys ,  my wife bought it ,  i watched it ,  gave it away and divorced her
following live 8 i have to wonder if live aid justifies the euphoria that followed it .  most people if honest would say that on the whole musically it was pretty bland and as for achieving its aims-well that's debatable .  what it did manage to do was make bob geldof whom no matter how honourable his motive were done quite nicely out of it thank you .  before this his career was on the skids and now he is a household name ,  knighted by the monarchy and very , very rich .  the same with u2 pushed them into the statosphere and made bono think he is some sort of latter day prophet .  same with queen pushed them into mega-stardom .  so do musicians have a conscience or was it the chance to get maximum worldwide publicity ,  push their latest album all for fifteen minutes of stage time .  sounds pretty good to me .  one can't help wonder that they could all give there royalties for the past year and wipe out the third world debt without coming on stage and screaming 'give me your money' .  there was a shot ( deleted of course )  where backstage the good and the great were dining on expensive food and wine whilst up on stage was a backdrop of the starving .  another example of there hyprocrisy .  madonna singing 'imagine' on her latest tour ' .  . imagine-no prosessions .  . yeah right !  i can't help but think for all there posturing there was an eye on global exposure and a chance to feel good about themselves when they went back to their mansion and who would dispute that mccartneys version of 'let it be' was stomach churning ?  face it the only musician  ( peter green ex-fleetwood mac )  who wanted to give everything away to charity got certified .  proves a point
added- 5 whole minutes- documentary about how to make a great movie suck by     making it a broadway production .deleted- karaoke version of five songs from the soundtrack :  hold me now ,  do you really want to hurt me ,  every little thing she does is magic ,  rappers delight ,  white weddingworth the extra $13 - i think noti suppose if you are one of the four people on the planet that doesn't own this classic there is a option of which edition to purchase ,  for the rest of us ,  it's just not worth it .
" the o . c .  "  has got to be one of the most overrated ,  overhyped ,  shows that i have ever seen ,  this side of  " friends "  .  this show makes me ashamed to be from socal . their is nothing appealing or compelling about a bunch of rich ,  spoiled ,  suburban ,  white teens ( sorry , i mean 24 , 25 , 28 year old acters playing teenagers )  and their so called  " problems "  . i admit , i tried to give this show a chance ,  i tried to watch a few episodes , and really ,  i couldn't make it passed the half an hour mark w/out turning it to adult swim or some  " nick at night "  re-run or something .  and speaking of white ,  is  " o . c .  "  suppose to stand for  " orange county "  or  " only caucasians "  .  i had no idea ,  that their were no black ,  mexican ,  or asian people that lived in the  " o . c .  "  peter gallagher's character is suppose to be the  " bad guy "  huh ?  please !  how about i snatch this chump off the  " o . c .  "  streets ,  toss him in a trunk and take him to long beach ,  compton ,  crenshaw ,  or watts and then lets see how  " bad "  a guy he is then .  the bottom line is ,  i can't stand this gay ,  fake show and i can't stand all you losers that praise it even more !  and by the way ,  this show don't even belong in the same zip code as b . h .  90210 !  now put that in yo pipes and smoke it !
the only thing worse than seeing this movie is the fact that it plays automatically all over again when it's over .  this is a glorified music video of horrible music .  jim carey should not be on the cover of this movie either ,  as he is in about 15 to 20% of the whole thing .  they should have had whoever the musical artist was .  i honestly don't even know the plot of this movie ,  and i'm not kidding .  i laughed so hard out loud  .  .  .  when i had to read the back of the dvd case to remember what it was supposed to be about .  the sound ?  they interlaced two songs  ( one in your right speaker ,  one in your left )  that don't even match .  if you want an idea for a good movie ,  read the back of this dvd case ,  and follow that plot ,  as the director sure steered clear of it .  alan thicke  .  .  .  i thought i knew ye !  oh ,  and i gave it one star only because i couldn't find the  " give me my money back "  option .***edit*** it's currently selling at $ . 16 in the used section .  that says something right there .  it's almost tempting to buy to give to people .  i go to a university out in okc ,  and we've passed it around the dorm telling everyone  " it's the best movie ever !  it's so funny !  "  blah blah blah  .  .  .  then ,  they get mad after they lose an hour of their life ,  but have no problem passing it around to others and doing the same to them
surprisingly sleaze and chauvinismby female director heckerling !  sheduplicated it in chevy chase vehiclenational lampoon's european vacationtoo !  many child actors got their starthere ,  but the thing that cracked me up ,as i saw it when it came out  ( unfortu-nately )  was the dialog of my fav band ,cheap trick :  ticket scalper  "  .  .  . themagntism of robin zander and thecharisma of rick nielsen .  .  . and whatabout the tunes ,  'i want you to wantme ,  the dream police .  .  . nan-nan-nah ,'you're momma's alright ,  your daddy'salright ,  they just seem a little weird ,surrender ,  surrender .  .  .  "  ,  before he'sinterrupted .  if that isn't somebody'sidea of 'surrender' ,  they've stumbledonto this review by mistake
period dramas are ,  by definition ,  delicate commodities :  they're balanced on that ,  ahem ,   " razor's edge "  between high brow and just plain fussiness .i think  " howard's end "  is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and english lace .   milliners ,  set designers and helena bonham carter's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one
the new world is the least of terrence malick's limited filmography to date ,  and could be best described as a monotone poem .  it's not exactly bad ,  just mundane and rather forgettable even while you're watching it ,  more of a self-indulgence than a genuine attempt to communicate with an audience .  visually it often seems surprisingly flat and uninspired ,  while the script comprises of far too many trite voice over questions s-p-o-k-e-n v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y i-n h-u-s-h-e-d t-o-n-e-s against selections from his classical music collection ,  which doesn't magically render them profound but simply makes the film evenly paced to the point where nothing can stand out :  even the battle sequence takes time out for more musings .  another big problem is the miscasting of the inexplicably prolific colin farrell ,  a nice enough lad offscreen i'm sure but an extraordinarily limited actor who just cannot carry a picture no matter how many chances he's given .  true to form he trots out his two `important picture' expressions - the bambi-caught-in-the-headlights-of-an-oncoming-car one and the one he thinks looks serious but simply makes him look like he's not been getting enough roughage in his diet .  the fact that he's outshone by q'orianka kilcher in her first speaking part speaks volumes of his inadequacy ,  although to be fair he has been worse .  indeed ,  among the male leads christian bale does much ,  much more with much ,  much less in the last third of the film ,  as does a typically underused christopher plummer in the first third .malick is very good at the madness and mutiny that infects the deluded settlers of jamestown ,  but because it happens to people we've barely been introduced to it carries no emotional or dramatic weight .  if anything ,  it just made me think of how much more herzog could have made of it all .  moments work ,  most notably the expulsion of the `naturals' from their land and the brief latter sequences in england ,  but on the evidence of the 135-minute version i very much doubt malick's promised longer cut will solve the problems .  i know it's meant to be a work of art ,  but i just came away with the feeling that i'd watched an old and very average universal international 50s western redubbed by first-year philosophy students .  the only surprise was that jeff chandler and his bouncing basques didn't crop up .
i've owned the laserdisc version of  " new order story "  for 5 years and watch parts of it at least once a week ,  so i thought having the dvd version would be an upgrade .   not at all ,  it's a cheap transfer from laserdisc .   the dvd containing  " a collection "  has defects in it .   i mainly bought it so i could have the full version of the promo for  " the perfect kiss "  ,  -which in  " story "  is almost ruined by bono's horrible voice- but it turns out it has a huge skip in the dvd version .   i didn't even care to test the rest of the disc and just returned it .
when danny devito's plays larry garfield he is like taxi's louie de palma of wall street
what looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment .  whilst you expect some plot to come together  ( at least on first viewing )  - it is strung together to confuse - even to frustrate the viewer .i was given no warning about the really really bad quality .  having a hd large display does not help either .  the sound is annonying as is irritating .  in fact i got a refund on the movie hire !i don't expect overboard special effect and cgi overlays .  i expected the quality to be above a cheap cam recorder however .the plot is complicated and the noise in the background adds to the disorientation which is done on purpose .on the other note :  the cheap and nasty props do not add anything to crediblility either .stay clear - but if you have the time and want to view the movie - settle back and expect a  " student "  movie from some high school college .this movie although good in concept fails .  i would like some production house to take it on board - create the situation with some convinving special effects  ( to help the storyline )  ,  better sound ,  widescreen and convincing props .it could have been a brilliant movie but is spoiled by bad quality and unconvinving props .
wuthering heights the novel grabs you at the first page and drags you through passion ,  betrayal ,  madness ,  despair ,  greed ,  hatred ,  and revenge .  it's not necessarily a pleasant read ,  but always an engrossing one .  emily bronte's characters jump off the page and will continue to haunt you long after you've finished the book .modern day moviemakers have had a notoriously bad time translating any of the bronte sisters' works into film and this is no exception .  the characters are representations in name only and fail to capture any of the true spirit behind this amazing book .  juliet binoche and ralph fiennes are two of the best actors working in film today ,  but this movie is a definite low point for both .as heathcliff and catherine ,  fiennes and binoche seem to have failed to grasp the depth or the passions of the characters and their performances are flat and bland .  binoche's personality is too grounded and mature for the wild and carefree cathy so she compensates with endless giggling that got on my nerves .  fiennes comes across as greasy and sullen instead of a tormented and complex soul ;  he simply does not have the charisma or the depth to play such a demanding role .  the other characters are likewise lacking in realism ,  only janet mcteer fares well ,  she is fabulous as ellen dean .even if the acting were better ,  the story does not capture the essence of the book .  everything moves too quickly ,  the film jumps around frequently and large plot holes are left either unexplained or are patched quickly with a few brusque words .  sinead o'conner's appearance as emily bronte to bookend the film is contrived and unnecessary .this film was very obviously made on a budget and the sets and costumes show it .  the wigs are dreadful and the costumes are for the most part ,  ugly and unflattering .  fiennes actually looks potbellied in some of his vests !maybe someday someone will make a film that does this remarkable book justice .  this isn't it
totally disappointed .  . whole series is a joke .  .  . should be call guys act stupid .  .  . amature editing and directing .
jessica simpson is a talentless bimbo .   she is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that she so proudly proclaimed after bashing brittany and christina for showing too much skin .   we all know now that the hypocritical jessica simpson would shed her clothes if the price were right .   she is not a role model and her songs/tv specials are lower than below average
this was purhcased by accident .   but still one of the crapiest movies i ever seen .   story wise ,  well it's bad to see what situation young girls could have with whores for mothers and growing up just like them .   it's actualy very sad to see young girls throwing away their life away .   other wise ,  movie had bad ending ,  good quality packing and dvd from amazon . com  .  .  .
i expected alot more from richard harris .  he was very stiff and it was hard to warm to his portrayal of abraham .  also ,  there wasn't enough vocal input from god ,  expecially since his promises to abraham and indeed the world should be center stage and offer the viewer a wholistic picture of the first covenant .  there were some omissions and scenes out of order from the bible .  i was somewhat annoyed that the movie had god saying that sarai's name means princess and that he would change it to sarah which means queen .  this is not true !  !  in hebrew sarah means princess .  such apparently small mistakes really withdraw the films credability
i am a fan of historical fiction ,  and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen !  what bothers me the most is that the general public ,  who hasn't read the tudor biographies like some of us have ,  will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject !  i won't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them .  why tamper with history ,  when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie .
24-hour party people is a mocumentary at the lowest rung  ( if best in show was not enough )  that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste .  the british scene in the 1980's was influential and at the height of the 2nd brit wave ,  and michael winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way .my main issue with this film was it's attempts at being funny in a hip-britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious .  the dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway ,  and the film never really follows it's premise as much as it should :  the rise of factory .  i did really enjoy the joy division segments ,  though ,  even if exploiting ian curtis's death was slightly in poor taste .unless you're a fan of the brit explosion of the post-punk era ,  and an extreme fan at that ,  i could not recommend this film .  it's not even greatly educational for music lovers and at times very difficult to get into .
wow !   practice a few vapid platitudes and wield some handy aphorisms and woo-woo sounding phrases ,  change your voice ,  and you ,  too ,  can be a channeler !  for money !   i'm definitely in the wrong occupation .   has anybody ever thought to question  " ramtha "  on a few specifics that a 35 , 000 year old being from  " atlantis "  should know ?   did ramtha's ancient society speak indian-accented english ?   what an amazing stroke of luck !   what did ramtha's people do for agriculture and diet ,  how was his/her society structured ,  what tools did they use ,  and where was  " atlantis "  precisely located ?   i'm certain that archaelogists and anthropologists could benefit from such knowledge that such a wise being could impart after miraculously surviving 35 millenia--or how many years precisely ,  and in what reckoning ?   could ramtha show us some writing samples in atlantean script ?   linguists could help here .   or--is it just possible that jz knight and her kind are great at pulling one over on us because we want and need to believe ?   isn't that a more realistic explanation ?   what does that say about those who buy into this ?
im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly ,  his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t .   mcginly's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world ,  he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days .   i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast  ( which included hacks like paul rudd )  was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work .   please sean ,  stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff ,  leave that to idiots like capra ,  wenders ,  scorcese etc .   they are not in your league .
the original csi series is fantastic because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence .   this series uses the csi name without the investigating that makes the original so good .   it is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters .   some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor ,  but there's no mystery
i returned this as i found out it was either letterbox or wide screen format ,  i only buy or want tapes or dvds that fill the entire tv screen ,  otherwise i dont buy the
thankfully i watched this movie having recorded it on my dvr so i could fast forward through most of the scenes with uma thurman and john travolta .   their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie .   besides ,  this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it .as usual ,  uma's acting is simply dreadful .  i tend to avoid any movie with her in it because i know it will be bad .   how she became a  " star "  in hollywood is beyond me .   she is not attractive nor can she act .   she could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit .   i think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles ,  they call her .  john travolta is not much better .   his version of  " cool "  just doesn't do it for me .  his diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that i hate to hear him speak .   and someone please tell uma and john that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so .the only reason i gave this movie 2 stars is because of the rock and vince vaughn .   their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie .   i never grew tired of vaughn pimping and the rock primping .   while i fast forwarded through uma and travolta's scenes ,  i tended to rewind during rock's and vaughn's scenes ;  they were so funny i had to see them again .   cedric the entertainer was also pretty good .
this movie is a disappointment considering it was made at a time when so many of the survivors were still alive and recently freed from russian captivity .   the film covers the experiences of a veteran german officer assigned as an advisor to a rumanian army corps on the eve of the stalingrad encirclement .   the film does not go into any kind of depth either in terms of character development or story line to explain the importance and tragedy of stalingrad .   one must think that it even disappointed it's original german viewers of the 1950's who probably desired some kind of explanation for the disaster of stalingrad and the nazi era .as an anti-war film this film is a failure ;  as a shoot 'em up action war film it is droll .   all in all this is less satisfying than a made for tv movie of the same period .
hi folks ,don't  get your pants in a bunch at the low review .  .  . its not for the movie .  . its for the appallingly bad dvd .   grainy and soft .  .  . i can't believe they couldn't produce a finer representation of a multi award winning and in general beloved piece of work by all concerned .   this isn't even vhs quality .  .  . but then artisan isn't known for  quality .  .  .its cheap enough to get anyway and throw away when  a real quality version  is released .
this may be entitled  " warner bros .  classic holiday collection ,  "  but warner bros .  had nothing to do with the production or distribution of boys town ,  men of boys town ,  or the 1938 christmas carol .  louis b .  mayer may return to haunt the christmases of those heretics against the one ,  true religion of mgm ,  who purloined spencer tracey ,  mickey rooney ,  and ann rutherford to enrich the reputations of harry ,  jack ,  abe ,  and ted .
making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled p . o . s
i ,  too ,  found this dvd a bit boring .   the instruction for each pose took forever ,  even in the challenging workouts .   while in-depth explanation is useful for beginner or even intermediate practices ,  i didn't feel it was necessary for the challenging sequence .   also ,  i did not feel as if there was any flow to this dvd .
kiefer sutherland stars in `dead heat' a crime drama in which the star of hit tv series `24' can show more tender side of the character than he is often associated with .  he plays pally ,  35-year-old boston cop who is forced to retire because of the heart problem ,  and his acting is very good .  overall ,  however ,  there is not much that i can recommend in `dead heat' except some nice touch in showing the characters .  the film tries to include as many things as possible ,  but few of them really materialize .the story looks rather like a familiar one .  because of his early retirement ,  pally starts to drink ,  and even thinks of committing suicide .  his relationship with his estranged wife charlotte  ( rhada mitchell )  is not going well and he is not happy to know that she is now going out with someone else .but charlotte is also nice and caring ,  so she persuades pally's brother ray  ( anthony lapaglia )  to visit him .  ray ,  who is accused of not being a law-abiding citizen by his too earnest brother ,  has a good plan to make money easily ,  and offers it to pally .  it is about buying a racehorse cheap ,  he says ,  and it is an easy job because he happens to know that the horse ,  which has not win any races recently ,  is actually misdiagnosed ,  only suffering from a polyp a small operation can remove .when everything is going well ,  things get suddenly complicated because of a gambling-addicted jockey tony  ( lothaire bluteau )  .  from here ,  the story snowballs into blackmail ,  caper and even murder ,  but the film's overall tone is always light ,  not taking itself very seriously .unfortunately ,  for all their effective acting from sutherland ,  lapaglia ,  mitchell ,  and bluteau ,  the weak and unsure direction totally fails to give momentum to the otherwise unremarkable film .  it is not funny when it tries to make us funny ,  and it is not romantic when it tries to be romantic .  feeble direction simply misses several good opportunities to make good use of the jockey's sullen little daughter sam  ( kay panabaker ,  her feature debut )  ,  who could have been a little surprise  ( or gem )  in this unconvincing plot .it is true that kiefer sutherland shows in `dead heat' another side of acting talent ,  which is less eccentric and intense than most of the roles he had played ,  or he would play .  that is good news ,  and the only good news here
this series might be considered a classic if watched by a 12-year-old ,  but adults will see though the indistinct plot and characters .  most of the plot's famous  " unpleasantness "  is just tacked on to the main story ,  and is of no significance .apart from putting several of the characters though lots of physical abuses ,  nothing much gets accomplished thought the series .  the main female character clocks about 100 words of dialog across the entire series ,  so don't bother waiting for any meaningful information from her .  the male lead has the typical task of pointing out all the flaws in the alternate world he's been transported to ,  inbetween having the stuffing beaten out of him .the most arbitrary abuses are handed out to a young woman ,  who's included in the story for no reason except to be abused- you can almost hear the writers saying ,   " i got it !  let's rape a little girl ,  that'll make it real !  yeah ,  yeah ,  i like it !  "  having served her purpose ,  the character then vanishes until being plopped back in near the end of the series ,  so a little more misery can be dumped on her .all the characters suffer from lack of depth and motivation .  the releative standout would be the villian ,  who suffers from bipolarism ,  and alternates between terror ,  anger ,  delight ,  and misery ,  somtimes all within the same scene .  too bad that was about all he did in the show .well ,  that's about enough .  if you have an appetite for  " kid saves alternate universe "  themed anime ,  then you may like this .  but i found it lifeless and massively overrated
this movie is one of cinema history's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success .   " saturday night fever "  from a few years before is another example ,  but that movie could actually stand on its own .  jennifer beales' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside ,  i don't think this one could .i understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80's children ,  and i will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema .  the problem is ,  the movie's plot is a slow-moving ,  wasted opportunity .physically ,  beales is sexy enough to keep your attention ,  and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made .  but her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character .  come to think of it ,  the acting all around is a bit weak .but that's not the problem .  the movie suffers from two fatal let-downs .  the first is the plot itself .  feminism-affirming depictions aside ,  it's pretty simplistic ,  unimaginative stuff ,  even for a dance movie .  what's worse is how slow it all moves .  the drama sequences in-between dances drag on ,  straining your patience and sympathy for the character's plights .the other more tragic flaw ,  since it is a movie about dance ,  is the cinematography .  while it's certainly not the worst cinematography ever ,   ( check out  " the limey "  next time you want a headache .  )  the dance sequences look like they've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor .  we're supposed to be moved by beales' character's natural talent ,  but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits .  by the time the final dance scene finally comes along ,  the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out ,  bad editing .  it almost seems the judges let her into juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute .perhaps i'm a purist for asking for good dancing onscreen to consist of more than rapid-fire editing .  but if it's a movie about dancing ,  one would think the least they could do is show dancing .  many movies before and after flashdance managed to get this right  (  " saturday night fever "  certainly did ,  to its great success )  ,  but maybe nobody told this movie's director .  it's a shame
vol .  3 marks a new low for family guy :  a season that started out strong but ended very  " oh my god ,  i was so shocked by that hahahahaha "  .  it seems to be riding on it's laurels ,  so to speak ,  and it's almost as if we are supposed to find the characters acting differently funny .  i don't like it ,  and i think it's been reduced to recent simpson quality .  meanwhile ,  the dvd has a few commentaries  ( i'd like to point out that the competition simpson dvd's have commentaries on every episode ,  same with futurama .  .  .  ) some sub-par special features .  the biggest problem here is that the first two discs are single-layer ,  which means four episodes per disc ,  as opposed to the traditional seven .  we only get thirteen episodes of crap ,  and maybe we should be grateful ,  but all in all ,  whatever .raoul duke
please think this dvd is recorded in 1986 .  more worse ,  this is recorded as a documentary .  sound quality is worst .  after i bought this and dvd of &quot ; company&quot ;   ( same ,  worst sound quality documentary )  ,  i suspect the word &quot ; concert&quot ;  or &quot ; soundtrack&quot ;  in dvd title
dull ,  dull ,  dull .if i could have submitted a review and given zero stars i would have .pointless
if they're releasing 2 volumes per season ,  doesn't that mean that there will be 18 sets since the show was on 9 years ?  at $35 a volume that's over $600 . 00 !
me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films .  and we do really like the thin red line .  but this was a real boring piece of film making .  .  .  .  . the whole film was just one huge poetry reading and i prefer to read poetry from a book .  .  .  .  . it just doesn't goe anywhere and we found the love scenes even worse than those directed by george lucas . even the battle scenes were just poetry readings .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . watch thin red line instead if you are interested in this director's work .  .  . that film is a masterpiece .  .  .  . this isn't
i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert .(  .  .  .
the script and dialogue are lousy .  all this film has to recommend it is a pretty face and occasional scenes depicting flesh .  the lady is not very interesting to say the least .  nothing original .  this is a cookie-cutter clone of a thousand other french movies about young women trying sex for the first time .  avoid .
despite managing to give fleeting impressions of importance and quality ,  this film is a complete put-on .  the long  " set-piece "  scenes  ( wedding ,  russian roulette ,  etc .  )  are much discussed ,  usually either in the context of being  " essential for character development "  or  " boring "  .  in fact they're a delaying mechanism behind which the filmmaker attempts to hide his lack of storytelling skills .  once he does try to move things along ,  awkwardly jumping without explanation or exposition from one bloated set-piece to another ,  you can see the reason for his procrastination - despite being desperate to give the impression of profundity and truth ,  he really has nothing to say .  the actors go a long way toward diverting attention from the film's awkward vacuousness ,  by giving false and short-lived impressions of character and narrative ,  but this falls apart whenever the filmmaker attempts to make anything  " happen "  narrative-wise .2 stars is rather generous ,  but de niro ,  walken and company deserve some recognition for some good acting ,  albeit for such a misguided cause .  ultimately ,  despite some controversy ,  many of the film's questionable portrayals of vietnam ,  vietnamese ,  america ,  americans and war are to be condemned more for their cinematic silliness than for their historical inaccuracy
the reason the original  " iron chef "  was such an awesome show was entirely due to the bad translation and over the top voice acting .   therefore ,  without these elements ,  it becomes a pathetic charade of the original program .i was ,  at one time ,  a hardcore cult fan of  " iron chef "  because of the hilarious voice overs and true ,  foreign zest of chairman kaga and the gang .   i really didn't care much for the cooking or whatever food was being prepared .   the real heart of the show was the voiceovers and the mad ,  zesty zeal with which the japanese chefs went over something as inane as cooking .   i loved  " iron chef "  in much the same way as i loved the original  " mystery science theater 3000 .  "   they were both quirky tv cult shows that gave a certain sense of community among their hardcore fans .this new show really doesn't cut it in any way ,  shape ,  or form .   i'm not being unpatriotic or anything ,  i'm just saying why this new show is so weak .   also ,  i noticed that once the translators of the original show started figuring out the show was a huge hit ,  they ruined their own voiceacting by being all self concious .   the original few seasons of the first  " iron chef "  are where it's at !   once again ,  i don't watch this show for the cooking ,  i watch it for the odd ,  bizarre translations and cheesy voiceacting
i was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and ghibli studios previous works .  all the greater the disappointment then ,  when less than half way through ,  the story becomes something utterly unrecognizable from the original ,  several key characters are lumped together most confusingly ,  and others lose all their complex charm .  what a shame .if you have never read the book and are a fan of miyazaki ,  by all means buy this .  you're very likely to enjoy the excellent animation and yet another unusual story from him .if you are a fan of the book ,  steer well clear .  you're likely to want to poke miyazaki with a stick and see if his head turns into a turnip or his turnip into a head .
i was so disappointed with this video .  i thought it would contain more than it did ,  but it truly is the most basic of introductions and does not cover much at all .i had one ashtanga yoga lesson and expected this video to at least cover what the lesson did ,  but it fell far short .this only contains two very basic sequences - surya namaskara a & b ,  it doesn't even go into the full series and i do not think it gives a very good representation of what ashtanga is about .  there is no instruction in standing or sitting poses at all !  the two sequences are introductory sequences that lead into the poses ,  but this video just stops abruptly at that point .  .  .i found ashtanga to be a wonderful blend of relaxing yoga that also gives a full body workout .  as soon as i did it ,  i felt that i had found the perfect exercise and bought this video as a way to practice at home .i ended up giving this video away after watching it twice as it does not contain enough information for the beginner to be inspired or even motivated to study ashtanga further
another product of hollywood's  " karaoke culture "  .   in an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind ,  we have in  " u-571 "  an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of  " das boot "  .   but instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war ,  we get a cheap flag-waving pile of hollywood propaganda .  the lighting ,  camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by db .  but the bigoted innacuracies  ( german submariners machine gunning helpless sailors )  and absurd scenarios  ( an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit )  put this ridiculous movie in its own category .  u-571 is just another thin ,  over-promoted ,  throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it
i bought this dvd because amy jo johnsen is in it .   ( one of my favorite actresses .  )  what i expected was a decent vampire movie ,  with some blood and guts ,  and a good storyline .  what i got was a movie with talking ,  talking and more talking ,  and a boring storyline .  i saw hardly any action ,  hardly any fun ,  and hardly anything interesting .  i was extremely disappointed in amy for starring in such a boring ,  unintriguing movie .  the only actual action was toward the end with the final battle between seth and viki's ex .  it was about an hour and fifteen minutes of explanations ,  and useless talking .if you are looking for a movie with some action and fun ,  look elsewhere .as much as i hate to put an amy jo movie down ,  i am doing so .
all 4 movies in this set are dubbed in english .    i was horribly disappointed .  dont make the same mistake i did .  find the dubbed ones
i loved the original movie ,  and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome . wrong wrong wrong !  !  first of all ,  the child actors were horrible ,  well the charlie and mike characters were ok ,  but the two girl actors were the worst i've seen in a long time .  and what did they do to johnny depp ?  he was so creepy and weird .  i took my nine year old to see it in the theater ,  and even she almost fell asleep .  if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
in my humble opinion ,  the real stars of this sorry sequal were the cars ,  e . g .  the corvair ,  buscemi's caddy and cuervo's 1959 buick .how often do you get to see a '59 buick ,  either in the movies or in real life
this is a wonderful film .  some may say it's a bit slow paced and perhaps it's not geared for the mtv generation's pace of visual stimulation .  nonetheless ,  patience has it's rewards for anyone who cares to take a  chance .  it appears that every last detail in this film was molded by the  director ,  tati .  unfortunately ,  the video transfer on this edition is so  terribly soft ,  as though the telecine was not in focus .  it's a crime that  such a great film could not have been treated with greater care .  one only  hopes that a dvd transfer of superior quality is in the pipes
their music is great ,  the videos aren't the most amazing thing i've ever seen .  i listen to the b-boys quite a bit ,  but i don't find a video dvd to have much replay value
it's hard for me to believe that so many people think this is a brilliant and startling film .   how could you not know that eating so much fast food is unhealthy ?    if this film is considered groundbreaking then i fear for our republic
this has to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen .  the only thing that stopped me from demanding my money back at the end was the fact that i saw it in a free sneak preview .by the end of movie you don't like any of the characters and you don't care what happens to them ,  even the ones that started out sympathetic and likable .   the third time jack nicholson's character gets beaten with his own golf clubs you're torn between wishing they'd just kill him already and wishing they'd kill you instead so you don't have to sit through anymore of this crap .save your time and your money ,  turn around and walk away from this one .   i wish i had
this film itself deserves 4 stars at least .  im givin this s*** a one cause its a f*****  bootleg .  i tried to play it in 3 different dvd players to include an x-box and it would not play .  then when i finally got it to play ,  it looks like one of those copies that got transfered from tape to disk and it looks and sounds like s*** .  if your into purchasing s*** like that then i guess this is for you .  i advise you to cop this movie somewhere else
this film was not what i expected .  it was so plain .  i was about ready to turn it off .others may like it though .
believe it or not ,  i actually wanted to watch this movie .   i've seen almost everything else adrian lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts .( i watched _jacob's ladder_ because i remembered an intriguing preview on a vhs cassette i watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _silent hill_ sealed the deal ;  my girlfriend owns a copy of lyne's version of _lolita_ ;  _fatal attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental ;  i watched the tv version of _indecent proposal_ ;  i haven't seen _9 1/2 weeks_ but i read the book .  )flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you've never seen it .   and i always wanted to hear the song  " maniac "  in its original context ,  so when i found it on an acquaintances shelf i popped it in .so ,  how was it ?not too bad .   not great by any means ,  or even really that good  ( _lolita_ and _jacob's ladder_ are both quite good )  but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work .   the plot is a by-the-book  " believe in your dreams "  story with really lame dialog ,  but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like i was watching an abstract silent film .   i don't know squat about dancing ,  but the choreography seemed innovative ,  at least for its time .i can't even remember the names of the characters ,  but all in all ,  i have to admit that it was kind of neat .also ,  if you watch it with the subsequent 20+ years of movies in mind ,  _flashdance_ can be seen as sort of an omen of all bad things to come from hollywood :   it's a movie by a director whose only previous experience was in music videos and commercials ,  one whose screenplay was an early effort by hack joe esterhasz and was produced by jerry bruckheimer !   taken collectively these elements are probably responsible for about 60% of all crap movies made since
this film is definitely not a masterpiece .  i found it incredibly dry and incomprehensibly over-rated .  yes ,  the film was bleak but inexplicably bleak .  to make matters worse ,  the main character seems to resolve her numbness almost out of nowhere .  perhaps i missed something gigantic because i was trying not to fall asleep while watching this drag on but i would not attempt to see it again .  however ,  there were a couple of memorable scenes .i would strongly advise renting it before purchase .  some people do love the film but i don't understand why
it seems like the actors didn't even read the book before they decided how to play their parts !   amanda root is terrible as anne elliot .  .  .  overly timid and shy .  .  .  captain wentworth isn't at all handsome or dashing .  .  .  and when they finally get together at the end ,  it's so awkward ,  bland ,  and unclimactic you wished you'd never watched the movie because it so tainted the way you saw that moment as you read it in the book .  .  .  some people might have liked it ,  but i definitely didn't .   to get an idea of the adaptions of jane austen i did like ,  i liked the keira knightley and the colin firth versions of pride and prejudice .   this movie could have been bette
.  .  .  . the ultimo movie about a bungled heist job and the crooks are holed out somewheres is .  .  .  . reservior dogs .  this has great actors in it .  .  . i enjoyed seeing ,  f'instance ,  dame dunaway .  .  . but ,  she ,  sinise ,  dillon ,  mantegna ,  and perpetual co-lister faison had a poor dialog to work with .  imagine if qt had written it .  or ,  my favorite tough guy screenwriter ,  david mamet .  fortunately though ,  spacey will have something to build on develop a director's repertoire .  .
she's built like a 12-year-old boy .  .  .  give me vida guerra anyday
how do you spell 'sucks' ?  easy - a-l-e-x-a-n-d-e-r !i loved stone's jfk ,  but this .  .  .  words fail me ,  but i'll try to find a few .  okay ,  the pros ?  angelina jolie .  i've never been a big fan of hers ,  but ,  boy ,  was she the hottest woman alive in this movie !  more pros ?  hmmm .  certainly not the action sequences which were muddled and hard to follow .  certainly not the weird irish accents the lead characters adopted .  certainly not the story .this is just one of those films you believe can be so bad and that something cool is gonna happen the instant you hit the off button ,  so it stays your finger .  my advice ?  hit that button !and i won't even mention the blonde wig !
when the lead character acts like she's sleepwalking through the entire film ,  that's distracting !  when just about anyone from my high school's drama class could do a much better job while brushing their teeth ,  then it's time to open up the wallet ,  and hire better talent .once you get past the special affects ,  all which use cheesy models ,  this godforsaken movie is boring as sin ,  or ,  should i say mud !beside being preposterous ,  for example ,  the meteroid ,  or whatever ,  only hits a dam in its first strike ,  this pitiful film is also delusional !  remember the scene where the head of fema risks his life to save someone who is obviously in danger of being wiped out by fire .  as hurricane katrinia proves ,  there is no such thing as a bureaucratic ,  administrator hero !  instead ,  this movie comes off as a piece of not-so-subtle federal government propaganda not worthy of a moment of your time
stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic .  not one single  " fact "  about guns contained in this movie was true and at the end of the film i had nothing but an overwhelming feeling that the bad guys had clearly won .  what a crock
harold ramis's  " the ice harvest "  wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst ,  but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires .   all the ingredients are there ,  but ultimately the movie lacks spice .   in some movies ,  it works where all the characters move at a slow pace -  " nobody's fool ,  "  for example .   but a dark comedy needs some pep ,  and  " the ice harvest "  doesn't have it .a lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of john cusack ,  one of my favorite actors .   he is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues ,  like in  " high fidelity "  and  " say anything .  "   here ,  cusack's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he's made as a leading man ,  and that's a shame .   billy bob thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes ,  but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt .   the same with the entertaining oliver platt ,  who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he's enjoyable on-screen ,  but when he's not there ,  we miss him .the bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies .  none of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of  " the ref ,  "  for example .   the movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits .   instead ,  we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke  " fargo "  or  " a simple plan ,  "  but doesn't get anywhere close .there are a few laugh-out-loud moments that i won't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time .   but all in all ,  the movie is a downer ,  and when the winners are finally revealed at the end ,  it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion .throughout the movie ,  i kept wondering if this would have been a much more enjoyable movie where we got to see what was actually going on inside the minds of the characters  .   .   .  there seemed to be many scenes where the actors kept the best lines to themselves .   petty crime can be highly enjoyable ,  but not in  " the ice harvest .  "
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad !  this movie doesn't know what it wants to be .  at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of  " mississippi burning "  or the anger and impunity of  " ghosts of mississippi "  ,  or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre .  at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors ,  matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock .  as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre's list of movies for lack of originality ,  and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make .  some of my favorite actors are wasted ,  either by being given cliched dialogue ,  over acting ,  or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence .  if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book ,  then i have no interest in reading the book .  i'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper .  but the direction doesn't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own .   bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role ,  proving she's only worthy of b-grade  " miss congeniality "  type crud .   mcconaughey over acts so much  ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others )  that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan ,  kevin spacey and donald sutherland .  samuel l .  jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever ,  but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in .   even the extras in this movie are horrible .  enough can't be said about the terrible direction in this movie ,  equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault ,  making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison .  this is not  " a powerful film .  "  it's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast ,  a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience ,  and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions ,  culminating in an over the top ,  pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that wouldn't hold water in any real court of justice .  maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt ,  or because they haven't seen quality comparisons and classics like  " mississippis burning ,  "  that has both a great script and fabulous acting .  i don't know .  all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started .  among the top of my most over rated movies
i have not seen this movie ,  nor do i ever want to .  i've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews .  why do i think it's probably one of the stupidest ,  pointless movies on the face of the earth ?  ,  because i bet just about every guy who's had trouble getting girls watched it ,  took notes ,  and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie ,  and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie .  i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously .well ,  i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage .  not all women are the same ,  and not all men are the same .  .  .  you can't believe every thing a woman says .  not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie .  but hey ,  nobody's perfect .  every guy had individual tastes too ,  and guys lie sometimes to .i for one ,  as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman's appearance ,  like women who are a tad bigger .  i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs .  if they're around 5'5 "  to 5'7 "  .  yet there are guys who like petite women ( i personlly don't know why )  .there shouldn't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls .  the movie title  " what women want "  was just wrong .  i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they're looking for a date .i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want .  i don't think that should be necessary .  i think it's ridiculous .  i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself .  not every girl is going to be into every guy .  .  .  i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women .i'm a guy and that's my opinion .  .  .
as i remember when i watched the original chinese version ,  although it wasnt any big deal but i did like it as i remember ,  but this version is totally destroy that feeling ,  something about the translation is just bad to the core makes the movie like a piece of crap ,  especially some sound effect .  why don't they put the original track in it i hard can understand .  if u can find some asian version and rewatch it u would agree with me .  it worth my 3 stars with the original trac
in the film commentary ,  director robert altman said he thought a really good film should leave people saying ,  'i don't know what it was about but i really liked it . '  ( that's a paraphrase )  .  and i think that's the key to why this film is so bad :  the director didn't know what it was about .the weird ,  atonal score by gerald busby was an annoyance throughout ,  often drowning out the dialog .  it's the kind of creepy music that comes in most horror movies just before the space aliens are going to appear ,  or in a psychological thriller ,  just as the nutcase is transforming into a psycho .  only in this film ,  the creepy music played on and on .  that was it .  no nuances ,  no alteration ,  no variance ,  no imagination .  just the same creepy atonal 'psycho' music all the time .duvall and spacek did a good job but the writing and directing were abysmal .  lots of shots where the camera stays on the actor for a loooong time ,  and dream-like sequences ,  conveying .  .  .  mystery ?  suspense ?  drama what ?  ah .  . i got it ,  they convey confusion !  that's it !  the writer/director was confused !a waste of talent ,  and a waste of my time watching it .  it is one of those films i watched thinking it had to get better .  it didn't .
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically ,  the rock .   he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest ,  most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv .   his talent in the ring was spot-on ,  and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete .   he rarely made a mistake in the ring .  .  .  but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood .it's not that doom is really a bad movie .   sure ,  it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters .   it's just a normal ,  monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense ,  and that's it .   i'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago .   todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom .   okay ,  so it does go somewhere ,  but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story .doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix ,  so you rent the movie ,  watch it ,  and then forget about it the next morning .   of course ,  i'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite .the rock never should have left wrestling .   it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans  ( and the rock means millions )  really miss him .   come back home ,  rock .   please
i unfortunately bought 4 of the ramtha dvds at the same time .  .  this was the best of them .  .  the others were pure wastes of money .  while this one didnt answer many questions and ramtha takes forever to make a point .  if you've seen  " what the bleep "  dont waste your time or money on these ramtha dvds .
i'm of the opinion that king's books rarely translate well into movies ,  and this is no exception .  some of king's work is fantastic ,   but unfortunately ,  a lot of it is simply tired old themes with nothing new .  this falls into the latter category .a novel about a novelist ,  and one who has a hard time finding inspiration :  please mr .  king ,  which college creative writing program did you steal this idea from ?  the writer's ideas showing up in real life :  from whence do these fantastic ideas pour forth ?i won't bother to tell you the ending ,  because if you have the poor luck to watch the movie ,  you'll have already guessed it by the time you're half way through .  it's all bad and hackneyed ,  from start to finish .i will give steven king credit for putting his fame to good use though .  if anyone without mr .  king's fame and built-in fan base tried to sell a story this trite ,  their manuscript would never make it through the slush pile .maybe it takes a bunch of bad stories like this to turn out gems like the gunslinger series ,  but it doesn't mean that we have to watch them
this movie is not vulgar nor does it rate nc17 .  .  . dont believe the hype .  check out pink flamingos instead ,  now that is a vulgarly righteous movie by waters and the with the goddess of filth .  . devine
" capote "  ,  directed by bennett miller with a conscious sensation of subtlety and a slow pace ,  was widely acclaimed by critics after its release in 2005 .  it is based on gerald clarke's 1988 non-fiction book  " capote :  a biography "  .  the film starts by capote's  ( philip seymour hoffman )  interest in the kansas crime merely as a reader and ends with him becoming the most famous writer on the crime .  his knowledge of the criminals ,  especially perry smith  ( clifton collins jr .  )  ,  which started from the newspapers elevated to an intimate yet undefined relationship .  the writer is sympathetic and sees in smith a strong resemblance with himself ,  yet he uncaringly and mendaciously uses him to get to his aim .  capote was looking for something to write and indeed he found it .   " in cold blood "  was his most famous novel ;  the one that established him as a legendary writer .  he was left overwhelmed ,  confused and unsatisfied ,  however .  the movie is quite ambiguous ,  though .  characters are marginally defined and the dialogue wavers between witty to irrelevant or inexpressive .  at many instances it is hard to grasp the causes and consequences of specific situations and conversations .  for instance ,  people are always laughing heartily at what capote has to say ,  although he never actually says something funny or worth a great deal of laughter .  the setting and the music were both barely significant .  although philip seymour hoffman's performance is highly remarkable ,  the actor's resemblance of capote is questionable .  hoffman is 5'10 "  and more stout than the slender ,  barely 5'2 "  truman capote .
i enjoyed the movie even though i was only able to watch it in segments .  the first time i tried to watch it ,  after about 20 minutes ,  the screen went to digital gibberish and my dvd player hung up so that i couldn't even open the tray to remove the disc or turn off the power .  i had to unplug the dvd player ,  wait ,  and replug the power cord to remove the disc .  overnight ,  i decided i needed to replace my dvd player .  however ,  the next morning ,  i tried a different dvd and it worked fine .  it still works fine on all my other dvds .  i complained to your customer service people and they were nice enough to send me a replacement copy of showgirls .  unfortunately ,  this one has the same problem .  it plays for several minutes and then goes to gibberish and hangs my dvd player .  i gave up on the problem at this point and decided to just get through my life without showgirls .  i use my dvd player almost every day and it works fine except when i try to watch showgirls
this product is way outdated for todays advanced technology .  it is appropriate for crt tv's but not for lcd's .  very disappointed !  !
opened the sealed dvd case and get shorty was inside and not the usual suspects .    i sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement .   i got a credit ,  i think .   not sure .   i would rather just have the correct movie
how sad and pathetic this concert is . i loved the dolls but this dvd is so bad it almost diminshes their legacy . after seeing how good the stooges reunion concert was i was hoping for more of the same  .  .  . wrong !  ! it becomes painfully clear from the start that johanssen in particular is phoning it in . low point of the show is when they make  " human being "   [ one of the greatest rock-n-roll songs ever ]  a sing-a-long . give me a break !  !  !  !
this is a pretty good collection for the mickey beginner .  i wouldn't purchase it however if you already have the walt disney treasures  " mickey mouse in living color "  series because all the shorts are on those dvds as well
i love tng ,  ds9 ,  and i even quite like a few of the characters in enterprise .  but i hate voyager .  why ?  one simple reason - janeway .  i cant stand her .  she makes me want to puke .  she has only two personas in the entire 7-year series and she constantly alternates between them ,  and they are both nauseating .  first ,  vomit-inducing compassion-face in which she puts on this phony 'caring' face and talks in a 'caring' gentle whisper .  two ,  tough-chick-face in which she puts on a hard-chick scowl and speaks in a deeper hard-chick voice that is not in the slightest bit believable .  god she nauseates me .  the same thing happened with maggie thatcher .  the one time the dumbasses put a woman at the helm and she totally ruins everything .  unlike kirk ,  picard ,  sisko and even archer ,  janeway has no charisma at all .  yuck .  but shes not the only one ,  this has got to be the only star trek series in which no matter how hard i tried i could never develop any attachment to the characters .  they're all boring .  only paris has any appeal and even then not much .  i watched the first 3 seasons hoping i would grow to like this garbage and finally gave up .  years later i finally came back and decided to give the final season a try in the hope that the characters might have developed over the years .  no .  the same old nauseating janeway ,  same old boring episodes ,  spewing over with self-righteousness and endless lectures about human 'morality' .  and this series is the most mushy ,  sentimental crap of all the star trek series .  there is barely an episode that is not cringe-inducing in its emotional mushyness .  the only moments in the entire seventh series that were worth watching was the 'q2' episode and that was only because q was in it  ( and they even turned that into a morality play )  ,  and the very end of 'renaissance man' when the doctor tells harry that his saxophone playing sounded like a wounded targ .  good riddance voyager ,  and especially good riddance janeway
i purchased this video to get ideas for a yoga fusion class that i'm designing .  boy was i dissapointed !this film is for spectators and posers ,  not for serious yogis .  you can barely hear shiva's cues over the music .  the video is so focused on being 'cool' ,  that it totally fails to instruct ,  cue ,  or demonstrate poses .  anyone who has never done yoga would be totally lost .and as for the trance dance .  .  .  . i was not entranced .  the problem was that shiva was very tight and i didn't get a sense of freedom from her .  there was one guy that seemed to be 'in the moment' ,  but for the most part the trance dance was quite silly .not a good instructional video .  all glitz ,  no substance
unfortunately this ms collection is not compatible with european dvd players .   the cover of the dvd actually tells you this as well as that it is 'not for sale or rent outside the us and canada' .   save yourself a lot of trouble and don't buy this if you are from the eu !
when i purchased this dvd ,  i was hoping to get the complete picture- an unbiased presentation .  from scratch i could sense what was to come .  bad presentation coupled with one sided propaganda forms the crux of this dvd .  it is not well researched and very important issues have been completely omitted .  what little was discussed appeared to be very tainted .i definitely did not expect national geographic to come up with this kind of a dvd .  i will definitely think ten times before i purchase anything from them .  maybe they should just stick to wildlife/geography/ecology and leave history/religion/spirituality alone
this final season is just ridiculous .  .  . and not in a good way .when the wayans abandon a project ,  then you know it is unfunny and over .  just look at the scary movie films .kelly coffield left because the producers wanted to use alexandra wentworth more .  a huge mistake !  kelly was hilarious .save your money and avoid this stinker season
could have been a truly interesting film ,  just plain simpleminded and annoying
the lack of liam neeson and raimi's directing is what ruined this movie for me .  while mr .  vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the liam created character and mr .  drake always has appeal ,  the movie as a whole needed a much better script .  it was too predicatble ,  too phoney .on the bonus side ,  they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact ,  so that was a plus
the movie is one of my favorites ,  works on both a romantic level ,  and a comic level .   but where's the widescreen ?   todays consumers are more educated  ( thank god )  and they've almost stopped asking the stupid question  " why watch widescreen ,  you lose the top and bottom of the movie ?  !  "   they finally get that you are seeing more of the movie with widescreen and not less .   so how can i be expected to buy this dvd ?   it is for all intents and purposes  " incomplete "  .   who's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it ?   buy this movie as soon as ws version becomes availible
maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking ,  but i doubt it .  since vanilla ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 years before the spec script and 15 years before this movie ,  the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new .  i went to high school with kids like this and i've bought the eminem cd .  and there's a little more to them than the stupidity .  but let's discuss the movie .anne hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in east l . a .   (  ?  ?  )  .  seeing her boyfriend beat down ,  she's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating .  then she goes to parties ,  gets into even more trouble and starts losing her jerry springer-inspired ghetto talk .  the mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner ,  but well he's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner .  actually ,  he's coming off like a gangsta yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat .  yes ,  it's ironic that she's trying to dress ghetto while he's trying  ( not very hard )  to dress suburban  ( wife beater is suburban ?  )the movie's climax is a scene in which anne and bijou ask the guys if they can join their  " crew "  and if the gang didn't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked ,  they sure have it then  ( and really ,  who doesn't know that that's gang initiation standard - started by the hell's angels in 1965 )  .  after that disaster  ( both anne and bijous say no - but bijou takes a little more time saying no )  the movie unravels as anne hathaway discovers her inner white girl and her friends act even more stupid .  there's a neat scene between her and bijou philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people ,  but it's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie .the one thing this movie does is to make me appreciate dj squalls' character from hustle & flow  ( and hustle & flow in and of itself )  since that's a white character in a black world that doesn't fall into either extreme of wigger or doogie howser .  he's just himself whereever he goes .  he's someone the morons of this movie could learn from  ( but really wouldn't you rather just see them all shot dead ?
the acting was stiff and vapid ,  the filming was grainy and amateurish ,  the story was non-existent .  a good rx for insomnia ,  this forgettable piece of rubbish has only one redeeming quality :  seeing young jim carey trying to make the most of a boring script and insipid role
this documentary is poorly produced ,  has terrible sound quality and stereotypical  " life affirming "  stories .   there was nothing in here to support wal-mart ,  their business practices or their philosophy
this is not a movie ,  in a classic sense .   this is a set of interviews of dj's &amp ;  promoters .   i'm fine with that however the djs that participates are not the best representations of the electronic industry .   where is paul oakenfold ,  paul van dyk ,  sasha ,  digweed ,  dave seaman ,  deep dish  ,  dj dan .  .  .  and countless other famous dj's ?   i understand that the budget might have been too small to invite one of those dj's mentioned above for an interview or so  .  .  . but in this movie there are lots of dj's that are not that well representative of an industry that's becomming smaller and smaller .   for your money's worth ,  buy a breakbeat dance video where you will be more entretained than a documental wanna be .  .
ok ,  basquiat ,  at age 19- see the actual person .  period ( so wonderfully played by wright  in movie  " basquiat "  ) what a major trainwreck of film this is . should have stayed where it was buried .  sorry ,  won't waste my time to list all the many ,  very many reasons ,  already wasted my money .
for months ,  disney advertised this as a 2-disc special edition dvd .  but at the last minute ,  that second disc mysteriously disappeared .  why ?  this is false advertising ,  and if i had my way ,  disney would have a big fat lawsuit on their hands .  it's unfair to force people who really want a 2-disc to pay very expensive import prices to get one from the uk and to those of us who don't own a region-free player .  they did this same crap to alice in wonderland ,  but the other way around .  uk lost a disc that we have ,  and paramount and fox have done this to us fans of titanic by dropping the 2-and-4-disc editions in the us ,  but not in the uk ,  and giving fans in the us a 3-disc edition .  i don't understand why these movie companies can't be consistent with their international releases and simply make a single version available for all people all over the world .unfortunately ,  i have chosen not to buy this crappy excuse for a  " special edition "  dvd .  i do not appreciate being lied to .  i still love disney movies as well as the excellent dvd editions ,  when disney actually releases the product they've advertised for months ,  and i will continue to buy the quality dvd releases ,  but i do not enjoy false advertisement
i hate lawyers .what is a lawyer ,  anyway ?  basically :  it's a telemarketer in a decent suit ,  a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset ,  only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb .shakespeare said it first and best :   " first ,  let's kill all the lawyers !  "  .  former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one :   " get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em ! ---in the mouth ,  so you *can't* miss !  "exactly .  anyway ,   " the firm "  is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting ,  so i was probably all amped up to despise it .but not really :  back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance ,  back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater ,  i briefly considered going into law :  briefly ,  for about an hour .  it was a desperate time ,  and i needed money .why did i consider walking hell's highway ,  if only for an instant ?  because john grisham ,  boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer ,  a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set ,  made it all sound pretty damned funky  ( and lucrative !  hey ,  dig that bmw 7 series ,  baby ,  beep beep !  )  in his engrossing little novel  " the firm "  :  granted ,  i've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes ,  but it held my attention .i mean ,  seriously :  you're 19 ,  and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool .  and strippers ,  man ,  plenty of strippers .  oh ,  and did someone mention a bmw ?what's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ?  the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a** .now it's true :  grisham writes like kim jong il sings ,  but---in  " the firm "  ,  anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace ,  from the pedestrian---hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm---to the pretty damned atrocious ,  all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense ,  suffocating sense of malice .grisham ,  like michael crichton ,  isn't a prose genius :  he's not even mediocre .  but he writes for film ,  and  " the firm "  cried out for cinematic treatment .so it's baffling that ,  with all the right stuff---tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere ,  gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt  ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic )  senior partner ,  and sydney pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of  " the firm "  is such a yawner .talk about contempt of court .pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen .  at its guts ,  really ,   " the firm "  was really nothing more than the big career nightmare :  i've bet the farm on this gig ,  i'm getting big money ,  i'm working like a fiend ,  my wife is having trouble remembering my name ,  and evidently i'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---i'm doing money laundering for the mob .pollack just mangles the whole thing ,  convolutes the simple ,  and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning .  casting is part of the problem :  cruise does his thing ,  running around memphis with his briefcase .  hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze :   " the firm "  is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen ,  but hey ,  a man can only do so much .jeanne tripplehorn  ( cruise's squeeze )  ,  who plays lara san giacomo when she's not playing tripplehorn  ( seriously ,  google the two of 'em :  astounding !  )  is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes .  wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm's security chief :  too bald ,  too cracker ,  too rotund ,  too silly ,  too low-end ,  to do the role justice .holly hunter is even worse :  hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy ,  which is baffling ,  given that she's about 3'8 ,  and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah .  it doesn't help that she's a big ,  ugly southern stereotype ,  the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be .  you want her to die :  she doesn't .  pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny .  she isn't .ed harris ,  i think ,  is in this movie .  so is hal holbrook ,  which kinda ruins everything ,  because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks .anyway ,  the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance ,  deus ex machina ,  of paul sorvino  ( don morolto---what kind of goombah name is dat ,  anyway ?  somebody call tony soprano !  )  ,  who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous .if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours ,  by all means belly up to the bar .otherwise ,  case dismissed .js
the details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent .   i won't bore you with the list .all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake .   tell us something new .the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue ,  a more synthesized story line .   a disappointment .
this is a terrible missues of one of asimovs greatest novels .  the relevance to the novel is only marginal .will smith is  ( as usual )  doing a terrible job at being an action hero .  he should have stayed with the sit-coms
charlize theron ,  her real life boyfriend stuart townsend ,  and penelope cruz are all nice to look at ,  and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work ,  theron having won as osca for her role in monster .but head in the clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world ,  particularly europe in the 1930s .  from the spanish civil war to world war ii ,  the stories of these three people who share a paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love .instead ,  it shows how silly things can be when you mix hedonism ,  narcissism ,  social responsbility ,  and sheer stupidity .  you end up caring less about the characters ,  andwondering more how much more trouble will they get themselves in .  this was a pretty stylish waste of time for everyone involved
i am always up for a new genre of film ,  but the reviews here are misleading .  the basic plot of the movie is that life sucks  ( yeah thats it )  .  the rest of it is just sick .  if your really into perversion then okay you'd probably get more out of it then i did ,  but for the viewers who haven't been almost raped by their fathers ,  or killed their grandparents or shot themselves in public this isn't the movie for you .  if you still want to see the movie try and get it from netflix or borrow it from a friend before you dish out the cash
yul brynner stalks about like he's in westworld ,  acting super-tough ,  smoking every chance he gets .  steve mcqueen ,  as always ,  is terrible .  as for the rest of the  " 7 "  ,  their acting is atrocious to non-existent .  only eli wallach walks away unscathed .  yet if these things are irritating ,  it is the blatantly sexist and racist undertones to the entire affair that just make it heinous .  yul brynner actually says that he  " might "  rape the women of the town in one scene sarcastically .  amazing this could have ever been construed as being  " tough "  .  it's just ridiculous ,  and these distinctions are what sepeartes this pathetic remake from the masterpiece it shames .  but i'll give it one extra star for being relatively well staged and directed .
a coffee table book come to life ,  ridiculously uninvolving writing and acting ;  you could turn to any chapter in this pretentious take on mid-20th century japan and not suffer any the worse for it .
i am referring to the laser light dvd edition of this film ,  which promises the best digital transfer of the film .   that is great ,  but they used the worst print anyone could concieve to transfer !   i taped this off of television awhile back and decided to buy a dvd version and this is 100 times worse than the version i taped myself on the slowest speed off of late night tv !   in reading other reviews it appears that there is a much better vhs version and i would recommend that over this .   do not be fooled like i was with the fine condition of welles' &quot ; the trial&quot ;  by laser light or the pipe smoking picture packaging of this .   this version of arkardin is a total waste of money
i am extremely dissappointed with amazon on this one .   this is not the dvd version of the film .   however ,  on all the links to it ,  it says  " dvd "  .   when i received the item in the mail ,  amazon was very ambiguous in helping me with my return ,  and even told me that they would send the dvd version of the film .   nonetheless ,  two days later ,  i received the same psp version again .great movie ,  it's in my top ten .   amazon screwed up on this one
wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself ,  won't enjoy .  two womanizers fall in love ,  one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin ,  like first off ,  what does virginity have to do with love ?  & second ,  who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin ?  & then owen wilson's character fall in love with rachel's mcadams character and well ,  that's the usual predictable romance plot .  the problem with this film is it's not that funny .  it seems to think it's better then it is .  i don't think i hardly laughed during this film .  the part about the  " supposive "  gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course ,  because it's this kind of film ,  he ends up being gay and of course ,  he tries to hit on vince vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy .  lets just say that  " gay "  guy is prob one of the worst actors i've seen .  & then we get a cameo from will ferrell ,  alot of people i know find this guy  " so "  funny .  but i don't get it .  it just wasn't funny to me .  u know ,  i loved the classic ,   " american pie "  that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy !  this film wasn't so much funny as stupid .  & for the most part ,  i'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
every once in a while someone comes up with a movie and makes the terrible assumption that as long as they put a well known actor/actress in it that everything will turn out good .  blue steel is one of those movies .  jamie lee curtis plays a rookie cop who is being held responsible for civilian casualties  ( or should i say murders )  which she did not commit .  sounds like an interesting plot ,  right ?  it would be had the script not been so poorly written .  the supporting actors give such a bland/typical performance that not even jamie lee could have saved the dialogue .  aside from the acting ,  the film does not give the action packed performance that it promises .  some scenes are quite dull and as you are watching you wonder half way through the movie when the cop  ( jamie lee )  is going to finally kill the psychopath whose been after her .  so why do i give blue steel an extra star ?  well ,  i'll just say that if you are a fan of jamie lee curtis you might want to watch this if it comes on television .  just don't pay over $3 to rent it and certainly don't buy it
controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors ,  thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating .  but this film showed two desperate ,  middle-aged strangers  ( with all their flaws abundantly clear )  meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters .  the fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the  " desperate "  ,  tawdry ,  pathetic feel of their relationship .  naturally ,  one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner ,  one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters :  sooner or later ,  anonymity is not good enough anymore .
why release wrestlemaina's that are already on dvd ?  anther thing wrestlemaina is months away ,  it was a perfect time to release the big four in order .  survivor series entire series ,  then royal rumble ,  then wrestlemaina ,  and finally summerslam .  made sense but wwe really doesnt think well sometimes .
this movie was obviously weak in many ways ,  one of them being the acto
i'm very surprised that this product has as high a rating as it does ,  i suppose most are simply glad the show is available on dvd .   however ,  the transfer to dvd is absolutely horrible .   on an opening night shot on disc 1 ,  there is so much junk on the film that one would think one was seeing lightning bugs -- inside the house !   the colors on these prints aren't even as good as what is shown on tvland .   this show might be 30 years old ,  but they cannot be using the best prints available .   there is another irritating tip-off of the cheapness of this package -- the music on the closing credits is wrong -- or is this my imagination ?for those who are defending this package ,  the upcoming daniel boone dvd set is a good item to compare it with .   that show aired in 1966 and the remastered print is fantastic .   studios and re-issue companies can do a good job when they choose to .   it's a real shame that ,  in this age of big-screen tvs ,  this program will look so shoddy .   it's apparent that with such a popular show ,  they could have recouped the investment
death tunnel began with promise .  early in the movie we were treated to some unique visuals ,  wonderful music ,  and a good feel .  them the actors opened their mouths and death tunnel fell apart .death tunnel is the story of 5 college girls who ,  seeking an initiation into a party clique ,  are picked into a hazing ceremony which leads them to an old hospital where white plague victims were slaughtered .  the building holds much more than they suspect ,  including angry  ( and dull !  )  ghosts .  from here the madness ensues and the blood flows .death tunnel drags after the first 30 minutes ,  and holds few frights .  the story gets dull once the girls are trapped ,  for nothing really happens other than 45 minutes of filming tricks .  during this time we are tortured with an abundance of horrible acting ;  some of the worst in an horror film i have seen this year .  the acting leaves you scratching your head ,  wondering how any film studio will give a director/producer $2 million to make death tunnel and allow them to squander the money on junk talent .and in the end ,  that is what kills death tunnel :  pitiful acting .  the acting is scary ,  the movie isn't .  run away from this stinker .  run very ,  very far away and don't look back .total score  ( out of 100 )  = 1811  ( out of 50 )  .  enjoyment .  a rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film .0  ( out of 10 )  .  acting .  how good was the acting ?2  ( out of 10 )  .  immersion .  did the movie suck me into the story ?5  ( out of 10 )  .  intangibles .  special effects .  movie pace .  is the movie forgettable ,  or something you will talk about and remember for weeks ?  years ?0  ( out of 10 )  .  must see .  is this movie worth seeing/renting ?0  ( out of 10 )  .  must buy .  is this movie a must buy/purchase
i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert .(  .  .  .
the story is ok ,  but the acting is a bit off and the movie drags to much .  .  .  but if your looking for some raunchy sex  there is a non-simulated oral sex scene in it
these plays were okay ,  i'm glad i rented them before buying them .   the props and things were very nice ,  the actors didn't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre  (  definitely no tyler perry quality on that note )  but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out .   i thought alexander o'neal sang in one of them but he didn't
i was on a plane from shanghai to bangkok -- stop drooling -- and i was reading a book .  on the tv ,  i saw tim allen chasing an orange cat .  in the course of the chase ,  he dropped down from two legs to four .  the effects ,  i'll admit right up front ,  were great .  this looked far better than the old 70s  ( i think )  version called the shaggy d . a .  ,  which i haven't seen .  but even so ,  it sucks .  i didn't need sound or subtitles ,  and i didn't need but 5 or 10 minutes to figure out that it sucks .  true sucking is like that .   ( yeah ,  i saw the bit with the scrabble board .   " i am dad .  "  whoop dee freaking doggy doo .  )  it's possible we underestimate tim allen's ability as an actor ,  perhaps because the santa clause was so unforgivably bad .  but even so ,  this movie sucks .  sometimes life is just that simple .
i hate to trash on an american classic .  .  .  but this was truly horrible .   i thought my son would like this due to the flying car .   it took hours of torture to get to that scene .   horrible ,  horrible film .   mindless ,  drawn-out banter ,  and weak story line .   our copy eventually broke  ( stepped on ?  )  --- we felt sooo lucky to have it gone .    " one star "  seems like a generous rating
this movie isnt worth the time to read this review .  it sucks and i'm a big trinity fan .  my advice is keep searchin
i was so bored by this film that i thought i might be missing some subtle french cultural context or emotional triggers that would make it interesting .   i asked a younger ,  french ,  female friend ,  who said she found it at least as boring as i did .the characters didn't engage my sympathy .   nothing explained why these people were even remotely interested in each other ,  so i didn't care what happened to them .   scenes like long car drives from the marriage bed to a first infidelity didn't build any dramatic tension or advance a plot or provide any interesting insight into the characters themselves .   the sex scenes were banal and the bondage episodes in particular laughable .i sat through to the end ,  thinking there might perhaps be some breathtaking ending to redeem the wasted minutes .   i want my money back .   plus damages
the editor decided that i don't want to see how the plane crashes into wtc ,  or how people jump from windows ,  so ,  he cut pretty much all of that and who knows what else .  instead ,  there is a plenty of news people's talking into camera about where they were at the time and what they were thinking  ( and why do i care ?  )  ,  plus a bunch of stuff about anthrax to pad the little footage that was left .
except for the presence of kevin bacon ,  whom i like a lot ,  this would have been a real loser .   there were so many things wrong .   directed by paul glaser with no surprises ,  no depth of character ,  a too heavy-handed hollywood scenario .   you knew what was coming a mile away .   there was good cinematography and music ,  and kevin bacon is always appealing ,  but that's the best i can say .   oh ,  and the nun .   she was pretty good too .   the lead black man was also engaging ;  the problem was really the script .   too pat ,  and too many unbelievable things that screamed  " hollywood "  .   like when the village burned down .   they were ready to just up and leave where they'd lived for generations .   as if it takes generations to rebuild their houses .   and there were no signs of the burned buildings during the basketball game .   and bacon was supposed to climb this incredible mountain ,  get cut in the groin ,  then play basketball ,  all on a rotten knee .   please
i was told this was hilarious .   cheech and chong and so many others .   not only were theye barely there ,  i must have missed the funny part .   i wish i'd missed the whole movie .   don't bother
upon its initial release ,  the attention that otto preminger's  " anatomy of a murder "  attracted due to its subject matter undoubtedly deflected some attention away from the fact that the film had its fair share of problems .   when watched today after much of its scandalous elements have lost their power to shock ,  its meandering story and uneven characterizations are exposed front and center .attorney paul biegler  ( james stewart )  is asked to defend lieutenant frederick manion  ( ben gazzara )  after a bar owner is found murdered .   manion claims that he committed the murder in a fit of rage after his wife ,  laura  ( lee remick )  ,  was raped .   while preparing his case for trial ,  biegler finds that laura is extremely difficult to work with because of her temperamental and flirtatious nature .   nevertheless ,  the resourceful attorney continues to work on exonerating his client even though it is not clear whether he and his wife are being entirely truthful with him .stewart is his dependable self in  " anatomy of a murder .  "   in fact ,  his performance as an attorney who is not afraid to stretch the rules is the one saving grace of the film .   there is little nuance in the performances of gazzara and remick and even the great george c .  scott misses the mark with an over-the-top effort .   yet ,  the problems with the acting is secondary to the unfocused screenplay .    " anatomy of a murder "  oftentimes seems more concerned with exploring the eccentric natures of its characters than in telling a good story .   the investigation of the crime is done in a half-hearted manner and the mystery behind the dual crimes of the rape and the murder are never resolved to any satisfaction .   for a film to run as long as  " anatomy of a murder "  does ,  one would think that there would be more than enough time to resolve all of the lingering questions posed by the film .   yet ,  this is not the case
if you've seen tortilla soup ,  there is no need to watch this movie .   this is just the chinese version of the said movie .   the similarities of these 2 movies are so prominent that it would actually be a waste of time and money to buy both - same characters ,  same plot only in a different setting .i got to enjoy the scenes with food ,  though .  .  .
this man is like michael bay .   using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing ,  the fact that chris tucker appears in this and almost every movie that the man makes signals a trend to do these as not so much movies as they are music video comedys only it's patheic and not funny ,  and that is also why the man who is now making x-men 3 will cause that movie franchise to die a quick death at the movies .   the man is a joke
this movie is just not scary .   i'm a huge horror movie fan and this movie has no tension in it ,  no edge of your seat fear .   i liked the sequel  " devil's rejects "  ,  but that isn't much of a  " horror "  movie either  ( unless you think  " from dusk til dawn "  is scary )  .    " 1 , 000 corpses "  is about as scary as  " hostel "  .   it should never be mentioned in the same breath as  " texas chainsaw "  ,  because other than trying to look like a gritty 70's horror flick ,  it has nothing in common with  " chainsaw "  .it has a few moments ,  but they are ruined by cartoon-like scenarios .   still zombie has potential ,  his follow up  " reject's "  was a definite improvement .i didn't hate it ,  it's just not a scary horror movie .   nothing new ,  no tension ,  but entertaining in some scenes ,  so i'm giving it 2 stars
to be fair ,  the legends of herakles ,  as they were originally written ,  have little to do with this movie ,  but maybe that's for the best .   having grown up on superman ,  batman and the justice league ,  i have a hard time calling a person like herakles a hero .   in the original legends ,  he was a warrior ,  but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage .   he also wasn't ,  as far as i can tell ,  as strong as in this version .therefore ,  interpretations of herakles are ,  i think ,  to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend ,  but on where and why .disney has attempted to take herakles  ( or hercules ,  in the roman )  and make it a story about a true hero ,  and a perfect one at that .   there's nothing i like more than perfect heroes .   they inspire me .   conceptually ,  i like the idea .instead of herakles being the illegitimate son of zeus and a mortal woman ,  he's conceived in love by zeus and hera and turned mortal by a potion .   not bad .   as changes go ,  it works better than most .herc meets meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him  ( another deviation from the legend ,  and a very good improvement .  )   of course ,  because hera is his mother in this version ,  she can't be herc's enemy ,  so they make his opponent hades ;  lord of the dead ,  which could be worse ,  as changes go .   i've never seen hades as being all that bad of a guy ,  but that's how it goes .   then there's the hydra ,  which is ,  if anything ,  much larger and more powerful than it was originally ,  so that's good too .   aside from this ,  however ,  i have to say i was disappointed with most of the changes .the titans ,  to start with ,  were underplayed considerably .   it might have been premature to mention that they were zeus' predecessors ,  but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had ,  and a roughly-similar appearance .   oceanus ,  for example ,  lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose ,  or cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence ,  particularly since hercules didn't beat the titans alone in the original stories ,  nor does it make sense that he should in this one  ( grabbing a whirlwind ?   come on now .  )i actually didn't mind hades' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much ,  though i didn't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that's clearly apollo's territory .   further ,  i thought most of the gods and muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature .why is this the case ?   i think disney made the mistake ,  in this film ,  of not just trying to make the legends clean ,  but fun as well ,  and there's nothing fun about war .   i'm not saying they couldn't have made the concept work .   in fact ,  i'm saying they could have made it work if they'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect  ( justice league style .  )still ,  for what it's worth ,  this is one of the few movies left in the world that isn't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero ,  and for that it's worth at least one viewing .   rent it from your local video store ,  in my opinion ,  before you make your decision
i never received product as they never shipped it .  amazon sent me an email stating that they couldn't complete my order as it was  " non-deliverable "  .  .  not sure what that means if every other item i purchase is  " deliverable "
love the movie ,  but the quality of the dvd put out by alpha video was so bad it was very difficult to watch .  the sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up .  if you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off ,  wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
i was disapointd in this show .   it was mad and release by warners  ( marvel's biggest rival and dc's parent company )  ,  this new take on the x-men had them behave like horny teenage doofuses , and don't get me started on the crappy writing .    just like x2 was not the x-men ,  this show was also the same .   it was in name only ,  and speaking as the only loyal marvel fan here ,  that says i all
this movie is a rehash of the first ,  but it is a crappy ,  unconvincing ,  emotionally uninspiring movie .let me guess what part 3 will be about :  a guy who looks at video or pictures goes back in time ,  does not alter that timeline the way he wants  ( i . e .  always worst case scenario )  and ends up killing himself in the end for the sake of everyone else
sixth sense & unbreakable are so much better than signs ,  and i'm sorry to say whatever m .  night shyamalan originally had ,  he's lost .  when sixth sense came out ,  he was tipped as the next big thing ,  but i'm sorry to say ,  it's no longer there .  in my mind ,  he cannot match any films up to the success and sheer uniqueness of sixth sense .signs just fails miserably .  the concept was a good idea ,  but the execution was terrible .  it reminded me very much of blair witch project ,  as in what little action there was happens off screen ,  and the torches as well .  it's also definitely not mel gibson's best film .  even the actors appear to struggle with the dialogue-heavy script ,  and not really much happens .  apart from one brief glimpse of an alien .  oooh .  fascinating .the problem i think that signs has ,  is that it's already following many other ,  far superior ,  alien movies .  aliens attacking the earth has been done ,  and lots more memorable than this .  there's also the overly religious theme ,  which the film probably would have done better either toning down ,  or scrapping altogether .  it was really just thrown in to try and justify what was happening in the film .  the scenes between gibson and his kids and his brother are way too sentimental and really cringeworthy .the finale doesn't really make the film better .  the discovery that the naked aliens find water like acid to their skin is atrocious !  why come to earth ,  the surface of is mostly covered in water ,  and the atmosphere is full of water droplets and vapour ?  !  and then they travel millions of light years with far advanced technology - and then can't break into a wooden house ?  !  are you kidding me ?  but the most ridiculous thing is not only do the characters not pay attention to the dogs ,  who sensed something was not right  ( time to get myself a dog )  ,  but the fact that all the sophisticated radar equipment cannot detect the aliens entering our atmosphere - but a baby monitor can ?  !  huh ?  !a film to stay well away from .  thankfully ,  i didn't spend my hard earned  ( ha !  )  money on it ,  but borrowed it from a friend .  i shall approach m .  night shyamalan's films with trepidation from now .  oh ,  and when a director decides to give himself a speaking role in his own film ,  make it a short one
i hated this movie .  it is one of those ones that you keep watching because you think it may get better and it never does .  .  .  stupid plot - too many holes and stupid ending .
i'm a language teacher and i have a number of dvds that i use at school as language tools .   dvds are great because they're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages .  .  . but only when the dvds actually have other tracks than english .   nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this dvd seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie's release on dvd .   i was pretty disappointed to discover just as the dvd was shipping that it wasn't what i thought it was going to be .   i suppose it's my fault for assuming ,  but i feel ripped off just the same
this is a documentary about adhd-not half japanese .   most of the so-called critics can't remember a dambed thing except for how great they are for recognizing the greatness of jad while continuously ranting about their major label conspiracy theories .   penn jillette even goes so far as to brag about how he conned a homless person out of jad's material and then threatened jad with physical violence if he ever talked to the guy .   if you're interested in mental illness and sleazy people like penn jillette stroking themselves then by all means watch this .   if you're interested in a great american rock band then just buy the albums and listen .
i thought this video was really going to encourage my toddler to use his potty but it didn't .   this video has good songs and characters but it only has two short scenes where a puppet is using the potty .   i was expecting a scene where the child can be taken step by step on how to use the potty .   this video didn't do it ,  so i'm still in the search of a video that really enphasizes potty trainning .   todlers need visuals and actions ,  the bear on this video does more talking than actual actions
sure ,  this movie is a classic .  but is it any good ?  frankly ,  i found it to be tedious in the extreme .it's certainly pleasant to look at .  the sets are quite amazing ,  and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful .the story  ( as described in detail in many other reviews here )  has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay  ( ultimately it is neither )  .the acting is top notch ,  as are all of the special effects .  those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory .  in fact ,  all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic .but the whole thing never rises to its premise .  its  " thriller "  aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line ,  and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed the only key that can stop the nuke !  the resolution is an afterthought  ( a quick fix in the extreme )  ,  and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is  ( narrowly ,  whew !  )  averted .  the characters are thin at best ,  and stock at worst .this movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s .  yawn .   ( i must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit .  it means nothing to the plot ,  and is the ultimate contrivance .  )if a deadly virus actually came back from space ,  there would certainly be action on many fronts ,  with plenty of interesting conflict to go around .  some people would try to understand it ,  others would want only to kill it .  there's some potentially interesting tension right there .  some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public ,  others would want to warn them .  again ,  that could have been a good source of tension .  someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon  ( mentioned in passing ,  but never developed )  ,  while others would try very hard to prevent that .  more tension .i'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains .  this movie is the poster child for boring science fiction ,  and it would not have had to be that way .i haven't read the book ,  but i bet it's a lot better .  at its core ,  this movie is a boring dud .
yes ,  i thought the whoppi disclaimers were absurd  ( how many generations have grown up with these cartoons ,  and now all of a sudden they're  " bad "  ?  )  i never saw disclaimers on cbs when i watched these cartoons on saturday mornings for years and years !  !  !but aside from that ,  my main gripe is the organization .  it would be better if they'd organize these into eras  ( i'm not as big on the leon schlesenger era from the 30s/early 40s as i am on the fritz-era ,  and would rather these be organized chronologically .  not that i don't respect those early shorts for what they were ,  i just like the later ones better )  .regardless ,  as long as they keep releasing these i'll still keep getting them ,  since cartoon network and nickelodean have completely removed them and decided that the new generation of kids  " don't have the attention span "  to appreciate them  ( i beg to differ ,  my kids love looney tunes !  )  ,  and replace them with garbage full of toilet humor  ( which ,  apparently ,  is ok by the pc police .  .  .
during my teenage years i was a fan of wwf wrestling and specifically ,  the rock .   he was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest ,  most disgusting lines ever mentioned on wwf tv .   his talent in the ring was spot-on ,  and the rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete .   he rarely made a mistake in the ring .  .  .  but he made a huge mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to hollywood .it's not that doom is really a bad movie .   sure ,  it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters .   it's just a normal ,  monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense ,  and that's it .   i'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago .   todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as doom .   okay ,  so it does go somewhere ,  but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story .doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix ,  so you rent the movie ,  watch it ,  and then forget about it the next morning .   of course ,  i'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite .the rock never should have left wrestling .   it was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans  ( and the rock means millions )  really miss him .   come back home ,  rock .   please
what is the deal .  cant hollywood leave well enough alone .  how many classic animated movies are they going to ruin with sequels ?  let me think ,  their was balto 2 ,  little mermaid 2 ,  aladdin 2 and three ,  secret of nimh 2 ,  land before time 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 etc .  enough already .  next thing you know they'll be making a lion king 2 ,  and a buity and the beast 2 .  o wait ,  they already did that didn't they .  all the movies i have named were great originals but god awful sequels .  adgth 2 is just as bad .  if you loved the original ,  stay away from its sequal .
i do not understand what the hype about this dvd is .  i baught it according to  [  ]  reviews ,  but unfortunatly ,  was very dissapointed .  i def felt a burn in my upper abs ,  but you are laying on your back the entire time .  there is no changing positions and targeting the abs from diferent angles .  to me ,  it was basically crunch after crunch after crunch .  would not recommend it unless you want buldge in your upper abs
it didn't take me long to forget this film .  once again it stars jet in a strange role
unfortunately they just do not get off the ground .   python is known for being wired provocative and in many cases cutting edge .  regrettably they missed the mark on this one .  one or two skits may strike your fancy but you have to wade through the rest to get to it .however if you like sex ,  violence ,  blood ,  and debauchery ,  could care less the fact that they have nothing to do with the absent plot ,  you could find this film interesting .
'the sword and the sorcerer' released in '82 is a mixed bag of positive and negative .the negative :  the production values are marginal ,  the picture quality overall dark and grainy .  the dialogue doesn't fair any better ,  it's also dull and uninspired .  as for the storyline ,  well i found it extremely uneven with some parts of the movie excruciatingly slow and others quite good .the positive :  lee horsley is surprisingly engaging as the vagabound ,  warrior prince talon and kathleen beller is breathtaking as princess alana ,  she's never looked better .  the film is worth at least one watch just to see kathleen in her prime .  there are also numerous other very lovely ladies  ( such as anna bjorn )  in this production that will keep all the young male viewers interest peaked .cast includes ;  richard moll ,  george maharis ,  richard lynch ,  simon mccorkindale and robert tessier ,  one of the great tough guys in film
i have to say ,  this show did not turn me on at all .  i like twisted humor and a good puppet show .this ,  however ,  didn't do much of anything .  in fact ,  it aimed at the gutter and worked it's way down .  very disappointing .and also very low-budget .  looks like something filmed for public-access tv .  i'm guessing canadian public-access tv .some people might find it funny .  i understand some people find beavis&butthead funny .   i don't
i found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient .   i think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an ipod .   the added weight is distracting when i'm running .   even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all ,  so lifting weights is out .   put it on too tight ,  and i constrict the muscle .   loosen it a little ,  and the band slips off .   there is no happy medium .   also ,  the earphone cord gets in the way more when it's leading from my arm .the belt clip that came with my ipod mini works much better for me .   i clip it on the waistband of my sweatpants when i'm working out and it remains very secure ,  even when i'm running on the treadmill .   and the cord stays close to my body ,  where it is far less likely to get caught on something .the only advantage of this product is that it lets you advertise to the world that you own an ipod mini .   big deal .   my armband is destined to be forgotten in the back of a drawer at home
instead of getting this just get the cheaper skins .  i figured to get the nicer one since i already shelled out all my money on an ipod ,  but it is a lot of money for a carrying case .  definetly get the skins
i am looking for a system to replace a siemens 8825 .the 8825 has ,  in my opinion ,  the best set of functions of anythingcurrently available but i have some reliability issues with it .  i first tried the motorola 7081 and found that unsatisfactory .my next attempt was the panasonic kx-tg6700b .  this phone has decent volume and clarity at the base .  the handset has good clarity and range but the volume could use a little help .  the base layout is ok but the way you turn on the answering machine at the base is silly .  the handset feels light and chintzy .  the clarity of the outgoing messages on the answering machine is poor .   the base is ugly ;  what were they thinking ?anyway ,  it ok ,  not wonderful .  but since i couldn't get the answering machine to save messages on either line  ( it's defective )  i sent it back .  back to the drawing board
what a waste of money .   i wish someone had posted before the dec .  22 posting  ( which was excellent )  pointing out that this device doesn't work on an ipod  " shuffle "  .   i spent more to ship this item than i did for the item itself ,  so i am also stuck with one .rats !  !
i was terribly disappointed in this product which i bought for use in my canon pixma ip6000d printer .  the image is grainy and ,  if you touch the photo within 5 minutes ,  you will leave marks .  i laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier ,  and they stuck together .  i have had very good luck with canon paper
i have bought and returned three of these units now .  each one has been defective ,  and finally i just gave up on returning the system .  the dvd player constantly gives  " bad disc "  errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc .  the sound quality is very nice for the price ,  but since the player doesn't work ,  it's essentially useless .  this is a complete rip-off at any price point
i bought these to replace the standard ipod and sony ear buds .   i was under the impression that i would get a much deeper bass response .   i was wrong .   the bass reproduction is simply horrid .   i read somewhere there is a  " break-in "  period .   i have found this not to be true .   they sound just as bad after 50 hours of listening as they did brand new .   this is my first pair of sennheiser and am very disappointed .   i know they are low-end headphones - but i expected more .   my recommendation is to keep researching
unfortunately my wife and i purchased this &quot ; product&quot ;  without reading the posted reviews here .  all are entirely accurate !  i cannot calculate how many hours i have spent trying to figure out what is wrong .  no loading ,  skipping ,  freezing ,  not opening when it freezes ,  all down the line ,  combined with 100 trips to and from the video stores to exchange their &quot ; defective&quot ;  dvds .  my wife was firmly of the belief the dvds were just &quot ; dirty&quot ;  but i finally decided  ( this agrees with one of the reviewers )  there is a balance problem in the drawer .  when there is a no-load ,  jiggling/adjusting the drawer sometimes  ( not always )  fixes it ,  but only until the next time ,  and will not stop the freezing problems .  if my wife had a dime for every time i said &quot ; this thing is a piece of @&amp ; * ! &quot ;  she would be a millionaire .  this is very late but if this product is still on the market in any form stay many miles away .  and philips' arrogant lack of response  ( as reported ;  i have no personal experience here )  is virtually criminal in this day and age
bike did not run right from the beginning .   the battery did not stay charged .   after awhile just quite running altogether .   company was not very usefull .   warranty only 90 days .   do not buy this peice of junk
i am on my second one and i will be returning this one also .  both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that .  i was so mad i almost threw it against the wall .  i thought the first one was a defect ,  but then when i got the second one i realized it was a design flaw .  .  .  if you buy the targus one keep your receipt because i guarantee you will be returning it .  what i don't get is how targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it :  satisfaction guaranteed .  what a joke .  .
hi !  i bought my cyberhome 300 in april 2006 ,  and was able to set the region code to  " 0 "  to watch all dvd's .after not using the dvd player for a few weeks  ( and unplugging it )  ,  the region code has automatically set back to  " 1 "  and i cannot change it anymore !  what happened ?  ?  when i try to change it now i can only choose between the settings  " 1 "  and  " - "  .  anyone who has the same problem ?  thank yo
i would like to believe that this hub works well- but i wouldn't know .   i bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac .   i hooked up my printer ,  ipod and digital camera and nothing happened .   i called targus and they said i needed an a/c adaptor .   it doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions ,  or their website .   they said i could get it at radio shack and gave me the info  ( 5 volt ,  2 . 1 amp ,  center positive )  .   i've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it .   i'm upset .   any advice
don't waste your money .  what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead ,  the system is useless .  i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products .  my system cost me $ [  .  .  .  ]  and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
this does not fit the ipaq hx2755 .  do not try !  there are plenty of other cases out there that will work .  i ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from wal-mart that works better than this thing .
as best as i can tell the wires were too thin ,  and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth .
i lost my adapter that came from walmart and was a generic brand .   it worked perfect .   this thing was expensive and it didn't work at all .   i'd have to turn the volume on both the ipod and stereo all the way up and then i'd get some sign of life ,  not anything you'd want to listen to .  it's worst than even the worst rf transmitter i've ever tried .   don't waste your money ,  believe the reviews
the connection keeps coming loose and now it doesnt work unless you hold it in place - useless and a waste of mone
this card is on its way back to amazon .   i purchased it as it was one of the  " recommended items "  with the camera i also purchased ,  never mind that it doesn't work with the camera .   i'm not hugely tech savvy--i  ( wrongly )  assumed that any items recommended with the main item  ( a $500 camera )  would be compatible .   check to make sure that any recommended accessories will actually achieve what you want them to .
i purchased 3 of these aps with the expectation to replace 3 cisco  " b "  aps and drop in .  the setup used radius for authentication which is claimed to be supported in both the online info and docs .  after config  ( the web ui constantly has problems with cookies and forced you to re-login )  the system would work .  one quark was the ip address field for the radius server wouldn't accept more than one character in the forms .  up and running .  however ,  upon reboot ,  the wg302 loses it radius info and then cannot authenticate a client again .  showstopper .  after logging this with netgear support - their response is this is an unsupported config and requires premium support .  while this would be fine if it was a config issue ,  it's not ok given they claim support for these features and this was a required feature for purchase .  they give no further support now .i would highly recommend against the extra cost of this unit given it's buggy and has poor support .  config is difficult  ( i had to learn how to use the command line config )  ,  the upgrades are not well documented  ( they imply you have to import some obscure file with tftp - you don't but .  .  .  )  ,  however the unit does have good range and works  ( no radius of course )  in a basic config .
i purchased this memory card for a camera i was also purchasing .  it was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page .  when i received the card first and then the camera ,  i was disappointed that the card was the wrong shape and size for the camera and would not fit .  because i had opened the plastic package to the card ,  i was unable to return it .  in fact ,  when i emailed the company who sent it ,  i never even received a response .
now ,  imagine my astonishment .  after receiving this beautifully designed futuristic looking set from my favorite communication device manufacturers ,  i set it up only to realize that the cordless phone only works when there is a direct line of site to the base !unbelievable !  !  i live in a compact apartment ok ,  and believe me when i say it isn't 20 feet between the base and my bed room ,  and last night after setting up ,  i retreated to my room took up the cordless handset to make a call only to realize that there was no connection to the base .this phone in a nutshell ,  looks good ,  but it sucks !  !
i've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row .   i've spent hours with this product on several machines and i can now say the hardware sucks .
i waited 10 days for this to arrive .  the first time i plugged it in it ran for 2 minutes .   i typed dear and the machine typed wcm "   when i tried  to erase wcm "  the erase mechanism did not work .  i turned the machine off and when i switched it back on the carriage went to the far left and will not move ,  ie i cannot type or use the machine in any way .  when the machine came two of the keys were knocked loose and i had to stick them back on .  now when i look at the machine i can see it is assymetrical .  .  . there is a 1/4 gap in the base ,  so it must have been dropped or damaged somewhere .   this is not acceptable but i have no way to contact whoever mstasad is .   i have a huge project to do over the labor day weekend but i don't have a typewriter that works .   i feel cheated and am very upset .  .
not so happy .  ordered one of these and plugged by pda which did not charge .turns out that it only charges when the larger item is drawing current .  so it will only charge the phone/pda etc if the laptop is drawing current .  this is very annoying when the laptop is shut down with a full battery since it draws no current ,  thus the phone/pda do not charge
we needed to know if this unit  ( philips dvd 782c )  was compatible with dvd+rw disks so i googled it and found this amazon listing .we were totally amazed to find the reviews we found  .  .  .  and wish we had done this years ago instead of spending all this time struggling with this poor excuse of a dvd player .  we have spent countless hours mr .  clean'ing and skipdr'ing disks just to get them to play  ( and sometimes even that didn't work )  .just in case anyone else comes along ,  take the excellent advice given several times in this collection of reviews  .  .  .  run the other direction without question if someone offers you this dvd player .now ,  we do not believe this is a fundamental problem with philips .  we have ,  and have had ,  many fine products sold by philips .  we are guessing this particular dvd player was the result of some very poor product planning that went very badly before ,  during and after the fact .  hopefully the person ( s )  responsible has  ( have )  ,  per usual corporate practice ,  been promoted farther up the ladder where they can no longer inflict this kind of pain on customers .p . s .  we tried to give this product  " 0 "  stars but amazon requires at least  " 1 "  star .  probably a quid pro quo agreement of some sort we imagine
if all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and unable to use the stylus with the case closed ,  then this is the perfect item for you ( sarcasm )  .the palm z22 air case states that you are able to use the sylus with the case closed ,  this was the selling and purchasing point for this item .  problem is ,  this feature does not work .  affortable ,  but what is the point if you can not utilize the item for it's selling feature .  .  .
i found that these dvd-rs did not work well in my system ,  were unreliable and slow .   i cannot recommend them
from reading the reviews the product weighs 14 oz and is tiny .  from reading amazon's specs :12 . 0 x 14 . 0 x 10 . 0 inches  ;  4 . 0 pound
if you have a 30 gig .  video ipod ,  mabey .   but for a 60 gig .  it is too tight to it ,  got a mark on ipod after taking it out ,  covered up part of the screen on mine ,  and i'm taking it back right away .it is a waste of money to buy this product and i made a mistake by getting it for myself .   get a different case than this one
while the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice  ( feels grippy but not sticky if you know what i mean )  ,  some of the features are just wrong .   for instance ,  the opening for the hold switch on top was apparently cut wrong and does not line up with the switch at all - requiring you to have to push the cover around so you can flip the hold on or off .   also ,  for whatever reason ,  the edge of the sleeve is right at the headphone jack which causes it to be somewhat difficult to keep some headphones seated during use  ( the sleeve can work its way in and pop the jack out )  .the armband is satisfactory at best - it's just a standard ,  no frills ,  velcro armband
i hoping to use the wgr101 to provide wireless ,  encrypted access to two laptops from a wired ethernet connection in a hotel .  it worked fine in single-user ,  no encryption mode but that is not what i needed .  i experienced severe problems trying to use it in single user mode with wep or in multi-user mode with and without wep .  one or both laptops would lose the ability to connect to the internet at seemingly random intervals .  sometimes cycling the laptop wireless radio would restablish the connection ,  sometimes i had to reboot the laptops ,  sometimes i had to reboot the wgr101 ,  and sometimes i had to reboot the laptops and the wgr101 .  stay away from this product unless single user ,  unencrypted access is what you need
if you do ,  go ahead and take a chance .   i did and got burned .   tv didn't work right out of the box .   will return soon .
i mainly chose this mouse because i needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up .  i had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist .  this one feels smaller ,  but still comfortable .  however a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling .  the plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand .  i decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse .   : -/ i am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse .  i like some of logitechs products and higher end mice .  but i would stay away from this mouse .  its not bad ,  its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount .hope that helps .awesomefun
perhaps i got a lemon ,  but i feel wary of buying another dt200v for 2 reasons :1 .   from the day i got it ,  the power button was so sensitive that a tiny waft of air  ( no kidding )  would turn it off  ( or back on )  at whim .   right in the middle of a song ,  or talk ,  this shortly became maddening .since this is unacceptable for a $50-range radio ;  and since i didn't want to spend as much money mailing it to and fro as it was worth ,  instead of sending it back - ( oh looking back ,  how i should have !  ) - i opened it up myself ,  and had to physically shave down the plastic underside of the on/off button where it touched the internal power switch .   as i couldn't conversely move the guts further from the button ,  this was the only solution .thankfully this worked ,  and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this .however ,2 .   not many weeks or months of use in ,  the radio developed this habit of shorting out or something to where my pre-set stations just scanned as blank 'fuzz'  ( no station ,  not even 'intelligent' fuzz/crackle like it knew a station existed anywhere on the planet )  and i could get zero stations of anything at all--not fm ,  not am ,  and no tv .this would happen right after turning the radio on ,  and i should note that i always used headphones  ( not the ones supplied ;  as with most ,  throw them away ,  they're not worth it )  .   it seemed to me through trial and error that just turning the radio on was fine ,  but the act of plugging in some headphones joggled some connection or shorted something out ,  and did this .i tried several different pair and types of headphones  ( some with noise cancelling switches ,  some without ,  and with these on and off )  ,  and used the 'lock' switch on the radio both in the on and off position while plugging in my headphones  ( as the company i bought them from recommended turning the lock switch on when changing batteries ,  to prevent shorts )  ,  but nothing i have done has prevented this from eventually happening again .  .  . repeatedly .it is really annoying when it does ,  as removing the batteries  ( which always will lose all your presets ,  by the way )  and waiting several minutes rarely clears the short .weirdly ,  the thing i've found which clears the short or re-makes whatever connection is messed up correct itself ,  is opening up the back  ( screwdriver required )  and kind of pushing the guts  ( board )  one direction or another ,  kind of scooting it  ( there's minimal movement available ,  though )  ,  and saying a little prayer and putting the whole thing back together again .   most of the time ,  that has worked .   occasionally ,  i've had to repeat the process 3-5 times before it will .sometimes it lasts several weeks before this'll happen again ,  other times ,  it happens multiple times a day .   the day i can't fix it  ( i don't even know what i'm doing that's fixing it !  )  ,  i'll throw it across the room ,  against a wall ,  and i probably _won't_ buy another one .( if i do ,  i'm keeping the receipt ,  never opening up the back as it voids any warranty ,  and returning it  ( not for repairs--for a refund !  )  the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind .  )for all this ,  i grudgingly say that it does have very good reception quality of fm  ( i almost exclusively listen to this )  ,  pulls the stations in nicely ,  and has very low amount of static .   when one particular station does ,  it's usually more the fault of distance ,  or we're getting out of range ,  or the batteries are very low- that's at fault .indoors in a computer-saturated office-cubby environment and not near a window ,  though ,  i'd have to say ,  it has had some significant problems pulling in any more than 3-4 strong-signal stations without major static .   but your office environs may vary .    ( some are more electrical field saturated than most .  )the fm  ( musical )  sound quality itself is good/decent ,  and i might say better than many .  .  . but my 1 criticism on it is a certain 'canniness' of sound quality  ( across various headphones i've plugged in )  .   it's lacking some fullness of the midrange ,  and warmth .   also ,  the bass is not what it could be .   i'm not sure given its overall sound quality signature if the addition of a bass boost button would have helped it or not .for me ,  clarity and volume have helped me ignore some of the lesser aspects of the dt200v's sound signature .   however ,  shopping for my next purchase ,  that will move up higher in importance
this review is more about my several month's experience with xm satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless fm frequencies through our car's radios .  i live in los angeles .i got this little roady xt for me ,  and the xm2go radio receiver for my wife .  i was excited about getting these new satellite receivers in our cars .  the idea of having all these  " no ads "  radio stations playing through my car's fm frequency seemed cool .setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy .  changing fm frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well .  it really is a neat little receiver .however ,  after setting up this unit in my car and the xm2go in my wife's car ,  i was really disappointed in the music sound quality .  the music sounds flat and with a hissy quality ,  almost monaural at times ,  and the volume seems a lot lower than the car's radio at the same volume setting .  i had to turn the volume dial up quite a bit when playing satellite radio .  the car's regular radio sounds much better than satellite radio if using wireless reception with any of the radio receivers ,  imo .  besides ,  there are plenty of annoying ads and interruptions on xm radio as someone mentioned in another review .i thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and i wouldn't have to use the poor sounding wireless fm technology ,  but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and i didn't want the vehicle's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car's dash and accidentally messed something up .so about two month's ago ,  after several months of off-and-on use of xm radio service ,  i called to cancel my subscriptions .  i had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when i joined .  as i expected would happen ,  when i called them to cancel ,  i was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep .  finally ,  i got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so i could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their  " special "  customer service department for cancellations where i was  " accidentally "  disconnected and had to call back and start all over again .finally ,  after another long call to them ,  i was able to cancel my service .  .  .  .  . or ,  so i thought .  yesterday ,  i was looking at my september credit card bill and saw that xm radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed .i called my bank and had them reverse the charges and i may have the bank issue me a new credit card with different numbers in case xm tries to charge me again six months from now .
after using rca and creative  ( both suck )  ,  i decided to try an ipod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen .itunes doesn't like m$ too much i guess .  itunes is really crappy software .  if you have a big wma audio collection ,  go elsewhere .  conversion causes sound quality loss especially if you ripped at 64kbps .  protected files can't be converted so you have to burn to a cd then let itunes rip it .if you don't use itunes to buy music ,  5 stars .  if you do ,  1 star .the ipod ,  which i returned after discovering it would take months to convert to ipod compatibility ,  is flawlessly designed and takes a licking .google  " itunes problems "  and you'll find a lot of hate for itunes .my problem :  why not support wma files ?  ipod would grab 99% of the market if they did and kill the upcoming m$ mp3 player that will even play itunes stuff
stay away from vonage !   i have had it for several months ,  and have been trying to cancel it .   i have been put on hold a minumum of 45 minutes to and hour each time ,  and then transferred to someone else who then does the bait and switch again .  when you go to their web site ,  the only thing you can get is their custumer service number ,  which takes you right back to the same old nonsense .  i need to cancel because of a military deployment ,  and all i'm getting is a run around .  .  . the same thing happened with aol ,  but this is even worse .  there are tons of blogs out now about how vonage sucks .  .  . check them out .  it's no wonder this company is tanking ,  their customer service is the absolute worst !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  i hope they read this .  .  .  .  they really need to change !  !
i am the owner of a home day care and i had all of the kids bring in t-shirts so that we could all create our own unique father's day gifts with these iron-on transfers .  when i say that i followed the directions precisely i am not fooling !  i was so concerned about slip ups that i made sure i followed the directions to the letter ,  but every time i tried to pull off the cooled transfer paper off came half of the design and the rest styed on the paper !  very disappointing
i searched amazon . com for a multi-region dvd player so i could view dvds that i have purchased overseas .   this dvd player came up .   there are no instructions within the packaging that state how to watch non-region 1 dvds .   i called the manufacturer and they told me how to  " rigg "  it to play region 2 dvds .   also ,  the remote control did not work from the very beginning and the manufacturer said i would need to pay money to replace it .   they also let me know that the dvd player will not work without the remote control  ( not compatible with universal remotes )  .   this is not a good product
i agree ,  this is a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the gps unit over a few little bumps .  i expected more from garmin .  consider this :  touratech mount for garmin 60c series .  its a solid unit .  it costs a little more but you won't be replacing your gps unit due to it falling to the ground .
i recently purchased this item from sharper image and was very disappointed .the video is faint ,  grainy  ( even in strong lighting )  ,  and out of focus once you are more than 2 feet away from the camera .  colors all but disappear .  it's practically black-and-white video .the power supply weighs more than the device itself  ( one pound ,  including cord )  and is huge .  it also gets very warm after an hour or so .i've tested this product in every type of lighting situation and the results have been unsatisfactory in all cases .  the only thing the device does well is detect motion .
i can't get good reception at any range from source .  intermittent when two rooms away from source .  have to move the speaker unit around to find an acceptable location .  doesn't automatically retune when being turned back on .  not at all what i expected from this piece of equipment .
not at all durable due to very ,  very cheap construction .   i had to massage my batteries to get the speakers to play .   a total waste of time to purchase ,  try to use and return .   couldn't even give these away
don't buy this product .  there ,  simple advice i wish someone had given me before i bought two of these .  with the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase .  since it was 30 days outside the warrantly ,  apple support told me  " sorry ,  tough luck .  "  i made the mistake of buying another one figuring i just got a bad one and there was no way i could have the same problem again .  wrong !second ipod just died  ( same battery problem )  - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and ,  of course ,  by the time i got in i was past the 12 month warranty period  ( who keeps track of the purchase date ?  i sure didn't )  .other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product .  i'm just sorry that it didn't last  ( twice !  )  cause otherwise i'd be a fan
bought this as a back-up for the internal hard drive of the laptop .  my experience was sadly similar to  many others on this site .  worked fine for two backups ,  then the drive stopped being recognized by my own or any other computer .  little red  " power "  light is on ,  little disc whirls around ,  but no blue  " data transmit "  light appears anymore .  these are clearly a dismally unreliable and poorly made product- just imagine the disaster if this occurred when you were trying to restore data to a corrupted hard drive on your primary machine .  a free replacement would not be much of a compensation .  avoid !  !
short answer :  the microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume ,  and cannot be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the o/s level .i spoke with tech support ,  and they said this was to keep the echo-cancellation software from having issues .so as a speakerphone ,  this device is useless .i'd have given it one star ,  but the rest of the device is actually very well designed ,  easy to setup ,  and so on .
all hdmi cables are created equal .  .  . well ,  yes and no .   while the signal is 100% digital  ( which means that $20 & $150 cables give the exact same picture quality )  ,  it doesn't mean that each hdmi cable type gives the same rejection of noise  ( signal to noise ratio )  as other hdmi cables .i've had this cable a few weeks now ,  and am consistently getting digital  " dropouts "  every now and again  ( only that part of the image looks scrambled for a few seconds )  -- very annoying while the action is in the scrambled section .   went out and bought the monster hdmi cable  ( not exactly cheap ,  though .  .  .  )  -- the monster cable gives the exact same picture quality as this cable ,  except the monster cable did not experience the digital  " dropouts "  .if you don't mind seeing the dropouts every now and again ,  this is a great cable .   if you want a picture that doesn't experience any dropouts ,  get the monster cable .   regardless ,  the picture quality is the exact same between the cables  ( minus the dropouts )
you would think that panasonic cordless phone and panasonic hands-free headset would work well together ,  being that they are sold by the same company .  well ,  that is clearly not the case .  i bought this headset specifically for the reason that it is sold by panasonic to work with their cordless phones .  i've tried it a few times and each time i get the same response from the person i'm talking to .  they say i sound too far away ,  that they can barely hear me .  this product is clearly not worth it
i bought this sd card on april 11 .  unfortunately ,  the card doesn't work properly ,  in fact ,  my camera and my computer never detect it .also ,  i recived a different card ,  it didn't like the picture on this page .  i think i was swindled .well ,  i had to buy another sd card
i did not read the prior reviews ,  i bought this item &amp ;  loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from target . com .    the mfg software disc contains two viruses one in quicktime &amp ;  the other in totally hip files .   target has been notified that the software is corupt with viruses &amp ;  that the mfg has gone out of business .   this item is only useful as a drawing tablet thru other software programs like paint shop pro as there is no web site access or tech support available for this item
antonline sent me the wrong item and then wanted nothing to do with me when i went to exchange it .  they have no phone number ,  so they email everything .  it takes them a day to get back to you and they always have an air about them as if you are bothering them for thier mistake .  after days of persistance and me being as rude to them as they were to me ,  they agreed to take the product back ,  but i had to eat the first shipping charge ,  pay to ship it back to them and pay a 20% restocking fee  ( for thier error !  !  )  the item was only like $10 ,  so by the time i would have paid the shipping and restock fees ,  i would be in the whole ,  so i decided to just tell them to go f@#k themselves .  i feel better now .
this machine is  great looking ,  compact ,  and  seems to be the perfect combination fax/answering machine/speakerphone .   one major problem :   the phone is well below average in sound quality ,   and the speaker is absolutely terrible .   the tiny ,  poorly made speaker is placed in the back left side of the unit and and is totaly inaudible at loud volumes due to distortion .   the fax is great ,   the print quality is great ,   the speed is great ,  but you have to lower the volume and lean over with your head against the speaker  to hear messages .   this problem also renders the speakerphone useless .   i returned this unit twice thinking it was defective ,  but spoke to hp and was told that is just the way this unit works .   buy the panasonic kx-fhd351  if you  need a great sounding unit .   the only problem with the panasonic is that it doesn't come in black ,   but is a much better phone/answering/speakerphone .
it is not as good as recommended .  the image is really unclear when the light is not strong ,  and it's totally white under strong light .  the contrast is low .it's not a good product ,  useles
heaven help you if you want to use this with the fm remote -- a very common usage at heath clubs which provide tv rebroadcasts over fm .  the fm remote connects to the ipod via a large plug on the left hand side .   the armband provides a small circular hole on the right hand side ,  but no means of connecting the large fm remote plug
the toshiba vcr combo arrived ,  and was quite light in weight .  it hooked up ok ,  but the orange  ( nice color )  display ,  constantly stayed on zeros ,  and the vcr played tapes so bad ,  there was always a white static streak across the screen bottom .  i sent it back after trying a few tapes  ( all tested poor .  )  better to get a good vcr for good vhs picture display quality
got this unit on march 28th 2005 at circuit city had it for exactly 2 weeks and the disk stopped spinning !  took it back to the store and they didnt have another one so they told me i could pick it up at another one of their store locations and it would be  " ready for me "  to pick up !   picked it up took it home and couple of days later went to use it and it didnt spin !  !  !  right out of the box !  !  !  took it back to circuit city and they said they could only find the receipt on file for the first one ( that got returned )  and not for this one---  after much debate nothing got done for me at circuit city because the receipt they gave me back was the old one and now i'm stuck with this peice of junk i paid $369 . 00 for and circuit city sucks too !  called audiovox today 7/19/05    ( waited a while i was busy giving birth at the end of may ) and they told me the 90 days were up  ( by 10 days !  )  and could only fix it for a flat rate of $93 . 00 plus ship !  !  !  i am pissed of
i had one of these a couple years ago .  it worked very well for a few months .  then ,  all of a sudden ,  the left analog stick became non-responsive .  it wouldn't work on any game i tried .  after reading other reviews on the gamepad ,  i figured i just got one that was poorly made and that the analog stick problem i had was just one of those several ones that was bad .  since it was only $20 ,  i just left it alone .  well .  .  . after going months without a gamepad ,  i decided to get another logitech gamepad ,  the same one i had ,  and guess what .  after literally one day ,  the right analog stick stuck and is completely unresponsive .  so ,  as far as i'm concerned .  .  . they're all terrible controllers .  period
this drive suffers from repeated delayed write file errors .   ultimately it means you will lose all the data on it .it is extremely noisy to the point of damaging your hearing .lacie support is poor .avoid
the modem works well but was very hard to set up .   much harder than an apple airport that i had setup previousl
my player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had ,  which ended up rendering it useless  ( out of warranty )  .however ,  while it worked ,  i was quite pleased with the player and the included software .   everything was intutive and ran smoothly  ( except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden )  .   i also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by itunes or file format restrictions .my only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult  ( just give me buttons ,  i know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well )  .i am giving the product 2 stars because ,  while i liked it ,  creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build  ( being that this is still a problem with these players )  .   for the amount of money that a player like this costs ,  it should work for at least year
why would you want this item ?  amazon is charging $50 more on this item than the 2nd generation shuffle !  and ,  according to what i have read ,  this shuffle isn't very derable .  it doesn't even last a year !  i don't know about you ,  but i'll get a 2nd generation shuffle
this hardware is well-made and i have heard very good things about the non-bluetooth version of the mouse .  when it's connected and working ,  it does its job very well .  unfortuntately the mx5000 set suffers from some very poorly made software that makes it very difficult to use effectively .  at seemingly random intervals ,  the mouse will start lagging or stop altogether .  if this happens during gameplay ,  you're in a bad way .  the keyboard also suffers from a truly annoying bug .  when it comes off of its sleep state ,  it will double the first key you press .  i have also had the keyboard just reset out of the blue .  add in that the setpoint software for the lcd screen only fully works with two pieces of software  ( musicmatch and windows messenger )  ,  and you have a very disappointing desktop package .  the mx1000 is a great mouse on its own ,  but stay away from this bluetooth combo .  it is unstable and very frustrating to use
i like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all i like about this phone .   friends tell me i sound like i am under water and i have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference .   one friend insists that i have a microwave running as we speak .   i am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless
i bought this receiver from amazon ,  & received it about 10 days ago .   since then ,  i've tried to play my cassettes of classical music .   when used for this purpose ,  this receiver sucks big time .   if i turn the volume loud enough to hear the orchestra playing softly ,  when the orchestra gets loud the amp shuts down & protect flashes on & off .   i have to turn the receiver off ,  then turn it back on ,  & lower the volume .   then of course when the music gets soft again ,  i can't hear it
using this in my wife's expedition is very annoying .   for some reason the cord must be placed in exactly the right position or static will drown out the music coming from the car's speakers .   note that no other electrical devices in this car  ( and there are a lot of them ;  she got every option available with the car )  misbehave at all .   i would not repeat this purchase ,  not can i recommend anyone else buy one of these .   i only gave it two stars because with continual minor effort it can be made to work acceptably - however ,  fiddling with the cord while driving is certainly not a safe practice
i purchased the 2 yrs warranty for my samsung lcd tv but i never received any information on it .
i purchased this router  ( not from amazon )  about 6 months ago when my 5-year-old ,  very reliable ,  router died .  i purchased it locally and someone came out and installed it .   i have had numerous problems with this router since then .   it does not stay connected and there is actually no option for  " always on .  "   after having some other problems ,  i took it back and the vendor upgraded the firmware .   after that ,  it lost the setup information twice and the info had to be re-entered .   then today ,  after being instructed to reset the router ,  it got stuck in a mode where it only wanted a firmware upgrade  ( there was no apparent way out of this )  .   so ,  i obtained the upgrade and according to the router message ,  it was updated successfully .   after that ,  i could not get the router to work at all .   i gave up and ordered an entirely different router  ( the same brand that i has used before with tremendous success )  .   my summary - save yourself time and aggravation and don't buy the linksys wrt54g
i picked up this headset telephone because i am spending more and more time on the phone .almost immediately after plugging it in ,  everyone i called asked me to speak up ,  repeat what i said ,  and that they could not hear me very well .when i attempted to setup a new voicemail system ,  i found out why .   the headphone is amplified ,  but the microphone is not .   no matter how loud i spoke  ( or shouted )  the audio is severely suppressed and barely audible .simply stated ,  this product is not usable .
this thing sucks .   i wasted my money .   no more griffin products for me
on the good side ,  it was easy to set up ,  and worked reasonably well if the phone  ( tried both cordless and corded )  was plugged directly into unit .  however ,  i could not get it to work on other phones in the house when i used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions  ( so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house )  .  i do not have a land line ,  so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth .  i even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that didn't work either .i experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device .  i contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1 . 20  ( not available from their website )  .  this seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit ,  but i still have more dropped calls than before .the dealbreaker for me was after i found out you had to be logged in as an administrator for it to work .  with an  " always on "  internet connection ,  i was not willing to expose myself to that security risk
the router card does not work ,  my old one works with the new router but the new card does not work at all ,  so i need a refund for it ,  or a replacement ,  thanks
this was my first set of in-ear headphones and i bought them because they are cheap .   well ,  you get what you pay for .   being disappointed with the fit of the koss phones ,  i bought the slightly more expensive jvc ha-fx55v .   at least for me ,  a much better fit ,  which means more comfort and better sound .   and i am still shopping .   the array of offerings is daunting :   jvc and jplug at about $20 all the way up to shure's top of the line at $500 .   so shop around ,  but forget about the koss
yeah ,  the nano dock is useful ;  however ,  be aware that it comes with no cords whatsoever .  this means that you have to purchase yet another accessory for it to be of any practical use .  boo apple !  there is absolutely no excuse for following in the footsteps of microsoft
be aware before you buy this flash drive that it will not accept file names with many commonly used characters like :  ' ? ' and '/' .  when it encountersthese characters ,  it stops transferring files completely and you have tobegin the copying process again after 'correcting' the file names .for me ,  this was a serious inconvenience and an undisclosed liability of the device .  for others ,  it may be less important
we tried the belkin in one car .  when we turned the ipod on ,  the car battery immediately discharged  ( we had to buy a new car battery )  and the ipod died .  we bought another belkin and tried it in a different car and with a different ipod  ( in case the first incident was a coincidence )  and this ipod died too .  the ipods were under warranty ,  the car battery was not .  we tried this with 2 different belkins ,  in 2 different cars with 2 different ipods .  i would not recommend this product to anyone .
when these headphones are working ,  they are great .  i never have trouble receiving sound .  they are amazingly comfortable .  great battery life ,  and batteries are rechargeable .  long distance is great too ,  i can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble .but .  .  .  it's far to often that these are not working .  as a matter of fact i've gone through four pair in the last 2 years .  the first pair didn't work out of the box .  the second pair lasted two weeks and then the headset just would not turn on .  the third pair lasted about eight months before the same thing happened ,  they just would not turn on .  the forth pair lasted about a year and then yesterday the very same thing happened .
i did the research on this product and it was one of the best .  i don't know that to be true due to the fact that the software that they sent me was a demo version that was outdated for use .  i have to buy another software package to opperate the product that had stated in the description that the software was included .  one if not the only reason i had purchased it .  i e-mailed tiger . com and received no reply .  if your going to sell something false advertisement is not the way
unfortunately ,  i too received a switched item  ( at-65 ) in a sealed magellan box today .   jennifer in customer service assured me that they will refund the purchase and that they will investigate the stock they have .   she was very apologetic and helpful .  i will see what happens but am thankful that she was there to help
i didn't have the same experience as the  " great support from lexar "  review below .the rubber caps on the sport jumpdrives will quickly split open and you will probably loose your jumpdrive when it fall off your keychain .unlike the person below ,  lexar would not send me a free replacement .   they said that i could go to their web site an purchase another rubber cap .poor support for a poor product
the photo on the target website shows a cable input/output for cable protection .  the unit arrived with a phone line input/output-not much help for those expecting protection on their cable line
this is a poorly designed remote .  i have six devices connected to my hd television set .  the software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs to the tv and ,  in my case ,  routinely activated the wrong device when i used the remote .  i purchased a logistics harmony remote and it works perfectly .  at this point the only thing that i use the remote for is to remotely turn on my satellite receiver at a certain time during the day to record to replay tv  ( which cannot turn the tv on and off )  .
have this optical cable for about a year before it was broken .  according to the package ,  it has lifetime warranty .  sent back to the company and got a rejected mail saying ,   " company out of business ,  return to sender "  .  the company address on the label is :recoton accessories ,  inc .2950 lake emma roadlake mary ,  fl 32746 .made in chin
i never received the 4-year plan ,  when i purchased the tvhd in august 2006 .  i have wrote to amazon several times with no follow up by amozon .my next step is legal ,  since amazon is acting like it dosen't care about the customer .the reason i both the tvhd was because of 4-year service plan .terrible customer service .  .  .  .  .  .
i had such high hopes for these headphones .   i wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever i pleased .   but it was not to be .the day after i received my headphones ,  my grandmother passed away .   i packed my bags ,  put my idpod and headphones in my carry-on ,  and headed to the airport .   once settled in my seat ,  i tried to put on my headphones ,  but they kept falling off my ears .   i tried to adjust them ,  bending the earclips all sorts of ways ,  but it was extremely difficult to do so ,  and my adjustments wouldn't hold .if i couldn't get these headphones to stay on when i was stationary ,  running was out of the question .maybe others have had better luck .   maybe my ears are just too small for them .   but i am not impressed with these headphones
i bought the zboard and was sorely disappointed in it's playbility ,  efficiency and value for several reasons :-the left buttons ,  which are the feature of the keyboard ,  are based on a mirroring system .   you experience keyboard lag at times because the board has to interpret the button presses based on the zboard program ,  then the game .   i personally had to press some buttons twice ,  or even three times in order for that command to register .-the left buttons cannot be configured to your game ,  you must configure the game to it .   the templates for different games cannot be modified ,  all it does is change the button configuration .   there are no patches for configuring the keys to how you want it .-according to the website ,  the top buttons for media can only be used with windows media player .   if you use winamp ,  itunes ,  or anything else it wont work .-you cannot program any macros into any of the buttons .   if you are looking for a keyboard that can autofire or program keystrokes this isn't it .- the numpad is configured differently than a normal keyboard .   this can actually be a good thing if you like having a compacted pad .   i found it frustrating since i put attack commands on the numbers ,  and would press the wrong one sometimes because of the layout .i experienced a lot of frustration with this controller while pvping in world of warcraft .   the top buttons on the left side of the board give you access to a bigger arsenal of spells and abilities when programmed right .   the problem is remembering how zboard configured the button layout .   i would constantly get wailed on because a button wasn't where i originally remembered it to be .   this forced me to sit in the key bindings menu to configure the buttons to where i could remember .   after completely revamping my bindings ,  i gave up ,  restored my defaults ,  and used a regular keyboard instead .there is nothing gaming enhancing about this keyboard beyond having an accessory on the left side that looks cool because the buttons are grey and red and contoured to your hand .to achieve the same effect as the zboard ,  turn your current keyboard slightly to the right and enjoy .
have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you  " an arm and a leg "  ?  these cables cost that ,  your first son ,  and bidding rights to your estate .  don't get me wrong- monster makes great cables .  let there be no confusion on this point .  but they're just incredibly expensive ,  and this is made much worse with these cables .several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards  ( even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production ) - and this is largely true .  unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future ,  there's really very little difference between hdmi cables .  yes ,  the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit ,  but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other  " cheap "  versus  " designer "  cables on the market .but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference ,  and that's worth mentioning .  this cable is built sturdy ,  so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it .  and the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout .  if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike ,  you're looking at the right cables .but for nearly all consumers ,  these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives ,  with no real plusses .  at the very least ,  you can pick up a mid-grade cable  ( sony ,  etc )  at a mid-grade price  ( $40 )  to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections .  and over these products ,  the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding .  please do look up a cheaper alternative this time ,  and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean .  you'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 hdmi cables
i returned this thing the day after i bought it .i should of been clued in when i purchased it at the store ,  all the transpod models had a little sticker on them advising them about the store's return policy .   i thought it a little unusual at the time ,  but after listening to the thing i understand why now .   i'm sure a lot of people had been returning this model .the sound quality was really bad .   you have to turn your stereo way up to hear the music ,  and even then it sounds almost as bad as am radio .   i'll add that the files i was playing were 192kbps aac encoded files so they're decent quality too
i have the same issue as  " misleading item description "  below .   the only reason i bought this is because i thought it was the complete set .   what good is a headset without the base ?warning !  tigerdirect does not except returns on this headset ;  so now i must return the headset to tigerdirect ,  then buy the full unit from tigerdirect or i lose my $70 .  the headset with the base is about $35 more expensive than what i would have payed at buy . com .i expect a lot more from amazon .   very ,  very disappointed
if you have a tekxon digital camera do not get this because when you put the memory card in and you turn the camera on the screen goes black !
i had high expectations for this product ,  having bought some of sandisk's other products .  the problem with the e280 is that sandisk doesn't give users the control or the versatility over file management .  for example ,  using it in the  ( mass storage )  msc usb mode ,  one is forced to create playlists in windows media player .  this works ,  but one of the drawbacks is that playlist creations can be plagued with files that have errors or are skipped .it would be far better if one could just drag folders and music mp3 files to the right folder and play them ,  with multiple folder levels .  this would allow catogorizing music the way the user wishes ;  instead ,  sandisk adopts an almost microsoft mentality in its approach .   " it's our way or the highway .  "  once one masters creating playlists ,  they have to settle for dumping them all into one directory .it's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews ,  one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another usb storage device  ( including other ,  previous sandisk products )  .  well ,  you can ,  but it won't make much difference if the device won't play .
this sd would not work in my  nikon  coolpix s6 camera  ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
i bought this so i could listen to my ipod in my car in the city .   the first couple of times ,  it worked great ,  but after that ,  something happened .   it just wouldn't work .   all i heard was static ,  no matter what frequency i tried this on .   i have yet to take a road trip with it ,  so maybe that will work better ,  but right now ,  i am not happy with the product .   maybe the fact that i live in a city with radio stations on virtually every frequency has something to do with it ,  but it used to work on some frequencies ,  and now it just doesn't anymore .   i am very disappointed
i bought this item about two months ago and was happy as can be .  no more equipment in the tv room !  about two weeks ago though ,  i noticed that the unit was slower and slower and i had to hit buttons repeatedly to get things done .  it has eventually gotten to the point that it does not work at all .  at first i thought it was batteries in the remote ,  so i replaced those a few times .  then i thought the placement of the ir transmitter was off ,  so i moved it closer to my av rack .  that worked at first ,  but the problem persisted so i reprogrammed ,  but to no avail .  eventually i narrowed it down to the remote unit .  even with the remote right next to the ir transmitter ,  it now does not work most of the time .  of course the real problem now is that all my av stuff is in a different room ,  so standard ir remotes  ( why do they even make those still ?  ?  ?  ?  )  are out of the question .  i will be moving onto something else and keep my fingers crossed .along the way i learned a few other things .  .  . other reviewers are right in that the memory gets eaten up quickly when you have to program the unit  ( which i do with a new lg dvd player )  .  in theory ,  this is a great unit and the remote is very good when it comes to commands .  in practice ,  however ,  all it did was make me hungry for an rf system that will work more consistently .
the tomtom has great features .   but i returned mine .   first ,  the maps are very dated .   this makes it iffy at best .   it has terrific potential ,  if it worked .   you can use a pda stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip .   it's amazing .   but i wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it's internal maps and waypoints .   but i tried a local test first .   i used roads as waypoints ,  main roads .   this way i can force the tomtom to use my routes .   i did not like it's choices ,  since it is a dated map database .   i set up a local route ,  and started to follow it .   it took me to the first road/waypoint no problem .   but it would not go past the first waypoint .   i would go down the road  ( first waypoint )  then it would tell me to take a u turn !  .   i did .   then it said take another u turn .   it had me going in circles .   perhaps it's not made to use roads as waypoints ,  but all indications it gave were that it would .   the manual was no help .   support was no help .   so it went back .   i have ordered a garmin i2 .   hope this is ok .   i have taken the same trip from se fl usa to sc usa with a garmin c330 .   the garmin has maps that you cannot update ,  but got me to my destination no problem .i don't recommend this tomtom .   do research .   go to manufactures websites and look at unit manuals .hope this helps
total garbage .  no only this thing is huge ,  bigger than most mp3 players and it doesn't have a belt clip or anything ,  it sounds awful ,  absolutely horrible .  the hiss others complained about is very loud ,  it also picks up all sorts of interference resulting in beeping ,  buzzing and all kinds of high pitched noises .  besides the hiss and the interference the sound is horrible ,  low dynamics and distorts easily .  this is a bad product that should be taken off the market .  it's not even worth the price here .  heck ,  even $1 . 99 would be a waste of money .  avoid
i have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when i saw this new keyboard with the same layout i bought one .   sadly ,  this keyboard is painful to use .   the keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard .   i am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes .   on the shelf it goes for emergencies as i'll continue to maintain my old keyboard
like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort .   like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability .   pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons .   logitech website gives no help .comes with an installation cd for a logitech mx320  !  !  !   be prepared for a 50mb download to install the mx400 .   almost makes microsot look good
this did not live up to its price or my expectations .   i walk to work and there was static on both am and fm -
i put this item in my cart -- it was one of the  " buy both now "  deals .   the problem is ,  the first item was sold by amazon ,  with free shipping ,  the second item was sold by another company with outrageous shipping costs .i caught this easily while checking out but just wanted to post a  " buyer beware "  to check the shipping costs
how do i assign a rating ?  as several other people have experienced ,  my unit is also doa .  i received it ,  plugged it in ,  pressed 'clean' ,  and the motor started up .  i popped open the cover ,  put in the disc i wanted cleaned ,  and pressed 'clean' again .  nothing .  terrible quality control .what's worse is the unit case is glued together -- no way to open it up to try to fix the electronics inside without mutilating it and voiding warranty
the dvds i burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality .  the only problem is that for every 3 good burns i get one bad one .  i'm using the plextor dvd burner  ( love it !  !  )  ,  but i'm going to try my luck with a different dvd brand .  the failure rate for memorex is unacceptable .  it's less the cost that bothers me ,  but more the time wasted on burning coasters
others have written about this phone not holding the charge ,  and i agree !  i can't tell you how many times a call has gone dead in the middle of a conversation ,  with no warning ,  no low battery message .  i've only had the phone since november .  there is not a quick ,  convenient way to redail numbers--you have to choose from a list of options ,  1-plus number ,  or the area code without the 1 ,  or no 1 and no area code .  no easy way to speed dial .  range is disappointing .  i'm looking for a new phone .  back to uniden or panasonic
the sound crackles if the cord bends a bit at the connector .  all around poor quality and construction .  i'm thinking about returning it .  .
a nice device ,  but microsoft didn't include software that encrypts the fingerprint image .  although very difficult to do someone *could* steal your fingerprint .  to be safe i would not use this fingerprint reader for password protected websites that contain sensitive information or for network admin or computer bios privledges
the plug on the external antenna does bot fit the jack on the magellan unit - avoid this until magellan figures this out .   seems like they would use a standard plug/jack pair for all products
it's better if you spend your money in something else .  it has a ridiculous transmitting power .  so bad that even radio transmitters from miles away interferes with this device 1 ft from the radio receiver .  the audio quality is so bad that totally destroys the pleasure of listening to your music .  in fact this device should be forbidden to be sold or should be tagged as phony advertise
this product stopped working a few days after purchase .   5 phone calls and 2 emails were not returned by sandisk .   this product did not work as advertised and no technical support of any kind is available .   i would not buy this brand again
this product is not very good .   there is no display on the tv ,  just a black screen .   the remote ,  which is just a pause button anyways with no menu functions ,  does not make a difference because you are unable to see your small ipod screen from far away .   the overall video quality is quite low ,  even with an s-video cable
if you have problems with your flash drive  (  like i did )  don't count on any technical support .  lines are all automated and wait is always over 20 minutes for live support .  not to mention that it disconects you when it is done telling you this .  pny tech support is a joke
i commute via public transportation ,  the majority of that on a noisy train .  earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music .  i received these philips hn110 headphones as a gift .when i first got these i was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared .  i have some koss over ear head phones which are nice and beefy .  these are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space .  they use a single aaa batt .  using them on the train i was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through .  i'm not an expert on these but i guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies .  alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through .  the next thing i noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off .  my koss and sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there  ( or it runs through the headphone band )  .  i realize i like this single cord feature very much .  again these philips hn 110 don't have this .i also noticed that when the noise cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified .after about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside .  now i can't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones .  i checked philips website for info on these phones but i couldn't find any .  i called their customer support and they told me i had to call a different # .  i called the different number and got the return merchandise authorization # but was told i need to send the receipt in .  i got them as a gift so i don't have the receipt .in summary ,  their noise cancelling ability is pretty week .  better than my hefty non-noise cancelling koss over ears or my stethascope like sony ear buds but only by about 10% or so  ( just to put a number in their )  .  flimsy design .  cords from both earphones .  hear the wind amplified .  battery compartment latch broke after a month and a half and their warrenty sucks
i ordered this unit with high expectations ,  lots of memory ,  expandable ,  multiple modes ,  from a well known company and an excellent price ;  how could i go wrong ?  .   easily enough ,  as it turns out .i was unable to load it and control the play lists .   trying to use it in mtp mode always crashed the host  ( bsod )  so i reverted to msd  ( mass storage device )  mode using drag and drop .dragging a folder to the device was pointless .   most of the time the files didn't even show up ,  and when they did they were scattered all over the place .   i copied 82 files from the lord of the rings set into a single folder ,  only 52 could be found even during play back ,  but they could be seen from  " my computer "  on the host system .   after fooling around with it for a couple of hours i gave up and called sandisk technical support certain they would be able to help me sort it out .i have to admit that i was pleased with their support even though in the end they were unable to resolve any of the problems other than by suggesting that the only way to use drag and drop was to dump everything into the music folder where it would play in whatever order the device wanted ;  a totally useless method .this was totally unsatisfactory since there was no control over the play list and no way to even find all of the files that would fit into 8+gb .   imagine listening to the first movement of swan lake followed immediately by something from 9 inch nails ,  then maybe a bach cantata !  .using media player to sync did no better .   creating a playlist  ( m3u )  of 82 files and then syncing did exactly the same as drag and drop .   a hopeless mess ,  no play order ,  missing files and so on .after spending 3 hours with sandisk tech support we were both more than ready to quit .   the tech had no more idea that i did about how to solve the problems that plagued the player and we both gave it up as a bad job .this is little machine has plenty going for it in the specification ,  but it's hopelessly flawed in the implementation ,  and this is without complaining about the stiff control wheel or the overly small buttons .throughly frustrated ,  it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after i received it .   i just cannot recommend this player ,  it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware ;  and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well .   as it stands ,  it's without merit as a player .
in the ten minutes since i've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off .   more importantly ,  it can't handle large manuals as advertised .    ( the reason i purchased this particular book holder )   my 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter .   based on that i estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages .   if you don't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on ,  keep an eye on the page retainers  ( these are the parts that fell off )  and you should be ok .   as for me ,  i'm off to read amazon's return policy and see if i can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic
let's be honest .this product ain't cheap .  it's not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working .i bought mine at cpenusa . com .  delivery was great ,  only took them a couple of days .  however ,  my c-pen cable was damaged .  the connector to the c-pen was ,  for some reason ,  cut in half .  without it ,  you can't recharge or connect the c-pen to the pc .i called their main office all the way in sweden during the office hours .  no response .  i sent three e-mails to cpenusa .  no response .i don't care if the product itself is great ( i'll never know now ,  will i .  .  )  .  if you're unable to receive support when you need 'em ,  you're screwed .if you're just interested in electronic equipments ,  just want to try things out and don't really care if you're on your own ,  go ahead and try it .  let me know how this thing really is .  otherwise ,  buy a product that you can trust on with respect to after-sales support
the long cord simply didn't work .  i returned it to maxell ,  using the address on the back of the package ,  and had the product returned to me because the facility has closed .  i've spent almost $5 trying to return an $8 product .
the numbers on the clock are not bright enough to see in the day light i wish they were brighter and bigger
they sell these at almost every dollar store ,  sure the sound quality might not be quite as good ,  but you're going to have signal loss whatever you hook it up to .  these things sell for $1 . 50 can at  dollar stores and are worth every penny of that pric
~i bought the mvsv3-1m cable and put it between my pioneer v555 dvd player and sony wega tv kv-27fs12 ,  i was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality ,  color ,  sharpness .  same as the result as i used the composite cable came with the box .  i really don't know why .  i have to say ,  my tv is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even i don't use dvd player .  unfortunately my dvd player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience .  i don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one ,  i was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance .  we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it .
is very neet item especiatlly since it is usable with 1 : 1 speed as well as 2
i bought this printer because i wanted high quality photo printing and i didn't need any of the bells and whistles that come with more expensive printers .  it's a canon ,  so i figured i could count on the photo quality .  i was terribly disappointed though .  i generally buy staples brand photo paper for general photo printing ,  and it always worked fine with my epson printer .  but my first prints on this printer looked dull and muddy -- like i was looking at the images though a mild but annoying grey/brown haze .  so i went out and bought canon paper instead .  the quality was somewhat improved ,  but still not what i had expected .  so yes ,  i got a printer for under $30 ,  but now to get even passably ok prints ,  i need to spend a fortune on canon brand inks and paper .  not much of a bargain .
we've had this printer at my office for about 2 1/2 years .  it's a giant waste of money .  magenta cartridges spew toner everywhere .  cyan cartridges streak .  it's even worse when you use the manual feed .  hp has no answers because they deny all the issues .  hp's support is lackluster at best anyway .  the first time when this machine was under warranty it took me three weeks worth of phone calls to get anything accomplished with them .  stay away from this printer at all costs .  if you own one it makes a nice doorstop or paperweight .  this is totally unacceptable considering toner and printer costs .  i expect more from a product with the hp brand stamped on the box .  to bad you can't give 0 stars
it's logitech .  .  . it should have a built in microphone .   instead there's a small head set .   don't buy this .   spend a little more for a built in microphone
do not buy this crappy piece of junk !  !i purchased this unit with faith in sony .   well forget it !  !  after 4 months the unit failed and began reading  " disc dirty "  half way through each recording .    i sent the unit back for repair .   they claimed to have  " fixed it "  but when i received it back it still failed on each disc  ( note that these failures ruin the disc !  )  .   they sent  me a brand new unit .   guess what .  .  ?  !    it failed after 3 months with the same problem !  !   i sent it back for repairs .    again they claimed to have  " fixed it "  .   well ,   it malfunctioned immediately !  !  i sent it back again !  !  this time they gave me a refurbished unit .  i know you wont believe this .  .  . but the unit is worse than the other two !  !   they are currently sending me another new unit .   but i have no doubt this one will still be a piece of crap .   they simply don't have this technology down .  sony should never have put this junk on the market .  beware !  !- update -they sent they new unit .   guess what ?    piece of junk .    fails on discs writing and when reading written discs .    after trying four of these units i can assure you this is a lemon .    please note these positive reviews are from buyer who had their units for two weeks or similar time periods .    i have had four different units for one year and can tell you this is junk !     selling this crap on ebay and buying a real unit .    not sony !
i'm pissed .   i feel i've been ripped off .   the 3rd party vendor delivered a defective unit .   i want to return it .   i have been unable to determine how to return this unit for a refund .   i may never buy through amazon again
i have extensive experience with wireless system setup and operation .  my whole system is all linksys gear .  after four hours on this camera ,  i give up .when you update the firmware ,  it erases everything you programmed into the camera so beware .i could get the camera to work in wifi mode .  picture is decent ,  not great .  the motion sensing function triggers quite well .the frustration comes from an inability to get the email function to work .  kept getting an error message with the system parameters setup so it should have worked .the faq section on linksys website is almost non-existent .  i did not bother to call because in my past experience that is of minimal help and very frustrating .features sound great but could not get it to work right .  i will find another unit .
i bought this because it seemed like it would satisfy my need for a 2-line phone with answering capability .  turns out ,  i cannot keep it ,  due to one boneheaded design flaw that makes it unusable for me .the good :  it's nice looking ,  compact ,  has good sound ,  and has a selection of cute little ringtones .the bad :  this machine will not record incoming messages silently .  it broadcasts both the ogm and the icm being left by the caller through the speaker .  there is no way i know of to defeat this .  you can turn the volume down from loud to medium loud ,  but you cannot set the machine to record messages silently ,  in the background .do you think you might ever not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your recorder ?  would you ever want to sleep without being disturbed by the sound of incoming messages ?then this one isn't for you .mine is for sale .
agree with the prior reviewers .   i can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses !
hard to figure out and organize music .  .  .  battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often .  .  .  don't recommend it .  very  " not happy
i just recently bought this and when i installed it norton caught 2 viruses on the install cd .
first - a disclaimer :  i know very little about telephone headsets ,  but decided to buy one because i had a series of long telephone meetings coming up .i walked to my local staples store ,  expecting to find a variety of prices and products - and thinking that i'd pay perhaps $30 to $50 at the low end of the market .at the store ,  i found that only the computer-based headsets were that cheap - and the only model that worked on a real ,  old-fashioned land line was the plantronics s11 on display  ( it was priced at $130 canadian )  .since work was paying for it ,  i didn't mind spending the extra money ,  but expected that ,  at that price ,  the quality and ease of use would be quite high .when i brough it back to the office and installed it ,  i found that :- the regular handset and the headset cannot be plugged in at the same time .  that means that every time i want to use the headset ,  i need to fumble around at the back of the unit to switch wires .- the volume of both ingoing and outgoing conversation is very low - even when i turn up the volume controls to max .  the people i spoke with complained enough that i switched back to my regular handset .- the microphone ,  although it's somewhat adjustable ,  is short and inflexible enough that i can't get it very close enough to my mouth .  when i try to move it closer ,  the earpiece turns and slips off my ear .- the headset itself - that is ,  the plastic ,  adjustable arch and rubber pad opposite the speaker - is very awkward and prone to slipping off my head .  it might have been better to design it like a regular two-sided earphone unit - so that it would be more balanced and stay secure .i don't know whether these comments apply only to the s11 or to most headsets for traditional phones in general .overall ,  however ,  if i'd been buying the s11 with my own money ,  i would likely have returned it and just gone back to using the regular phone handset
the device is well built but has one major flaw .   the adhesive comes in 2 types ,   " removable "  and  " permanent "  types .   neither adhesive would stick to the dash of my jeep liberty .   i'm not sure what i'm going to do with it now ,  it appears as though i'm going to either have to find a more permanent mounting solution or find another type of adhesive
my family and i just relocated 3 states away from our extended family and wanted to get a good webcam to keep intouch with everyone and let our 2 year old see his grandmother once and a while .   when i saw the microsoft lifecam at target stores and that it was compatible with windows live i thought it would be worth the $100 price tag to be able to keep in touch with family .i purchased the software and started the installation process on my computer .     just so you know , my system is running a pentium 4 processor and has 8 active usb 2 . 0 connections ,  only 3 of which are being used for the keyboard ,  mouse ,  and this webcam ,  along with 512mb of ram which is more than necessary for this product to function .the software took about 10 minutes to install which i thought was a little odd ,  then it askes for you to plug in the camera .   my xp system recognized the camera but told me that the hardware had encountered an error during installation and may not function properly .   i uninstalled the software and tried the installation again with the same result .   i then tried a different usb port just in case there was a problem .   following a stepwise process i checked and updated all drivers for the usb hub ,  ports ,  etc .  and i checked under the system manager tools to ensure that all were working properly .   i then went to the microsoft website and downloaded the updates for the software  ( this took another 15 minutes and the site crashed twice )  .by now i was getting very frustrated but hoped that the software update would allow appropriate conectivity with the camera .   i went into the software and found that it was recognizing the mic ,  but it said that there was no camera attached .   i again tried to find the camera through other means with no results .for the price paid and the 3+ hours i spent trying to install the hardware i can say with all assurity that this product is not worth it .   i will be returning it to target for a full refund and will look into investing my money with another brand .as someone else said earlier in the reviews ,   " does microsoft ever send their products through quality assurance before they release them ?
i have really enjoyed my i pod until i started to get errors in january 2006 .  i started to get an error that state that itunes can't read to or write form the disk meaning the ipod itself .  that means i cannot add music to or take music off of the iopd .  this was very upsetting to me as i have had this item for less than a year .  i finlay called tech support at apple .  they asked for the serial# for my ipod .  they told me it was out of warranty ,  that the warranty had expired in december of 2005 and there was nothing i could do ,  literally .  i checked my purchase and found out that i had purchased this on april 7 ,  2005 .  i was so angry that they would tell me that it was out of warranty when it clearly was not .  so ,  this is a warning to all ipod owners of this potential problem
garmin's devices are pretty good .  somewhat tempermental ,  but mostly reliable .  it's connecting their software and dealing with garmin support that is a nightmare .  and ,  you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system .  customer service hold time :  30-35 minues .  response time for  email tech requests :  a staggering 5-7 working days .  clearly garmin does not care about its customers
i had high hopes for this headset .   i found that i could not hear anything when i attached it to my treo 650 .   the treo uses a standard plug .   i verified that my treo is working by attaching a stereo headset
have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you  " an arm and a leg "  ?  these cables cost that ,  your first son ,  and bidding rights to your estate .  don't get me wrong- monster makes great cables .  let there be no confusion on this point .  but they're just incredibly expensive ,  and this is made much worse with these cables .several people have pointed out that the digital signal on hdmi cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards  ( even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production ) - and this is largely true .  unless bluray implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future ,  there's really very little difference between hdmi cables .  yes ,  the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit ,  but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other  " cheap "  versus  " designer "  cables on the market .but monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference ,  and that's worth mentioning .  this cable is built sturdy ,  so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it .  and the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- monster cables are toughened to the point that i wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout .  if you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an emp strike ,  you're looking at the right cables .but for nearly all consumers ,  these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives ,  with no real plusses .  at the very least ,  you can pick up a mid-grade cable  ( sony ,  etc )  at a mid-grade price  ( $40 )  to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections .  and over these products ,  the monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding .  please do look up a cheaper alternative this time ,  and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean .  you'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 hdmi cables
this product came with an italian users guide .  in addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount .  it turns out its about 3 . 5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall .i returned this back to amazo
does not work with my creative zen .   can leave plugged in overnight and it does not charge at all
i bought several packs of these batteries 6 months ago .   they were great at first ,  but now most of them won't hold a charge at all .   they discharge in 2 weeks without even being in a device .   don't buy them !   they're junk
terrible .  no bass .   " j "  type wiring is hard to adjust to .  substandard product for panasonic .  avoi
i purchased this in the hope that i would be able to record verbal messages to myself ,  creative thoughts and ideas ,  etc .  it does an adequate job of that .  i had also hoped i could use it as a simple player ,  to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day .  this it won't do ,  and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the olympus site that it would not function this way .first ,  even though it records wav files ,  it does not let you handle them well at all .  to transfer recordings to your computer ,  you have to install special software  ( included )  ,  but you cannot transfer wav files back to the recorder  ( according to the software guide )  .  if you want a recorder/player to function easily like that ,  you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a usb flash drive  ( like the creative zen series )  .  i did not install the software ,  as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer .  i can record directly to the pc with much higher quality ,  so why bother ?  noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise .  it makes more sense to simply repeat anything i record on the olympus and record it directly to the pc .second ,  the sound quality is not great .  given that wav files are what are used on cds ,  one would expect more than what this device delivers .  it is noisy on either of the mic settings ,  and i would have to describe the sound quality as medium .  don't expect high fidelity .  this is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else .  even analog tape would be better for most things .  i may be fussier than most about this ,  having some professional background in audio ,  so the sound quality may be okay for most people .  people have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything .finally ,  playback was very disappointing to me .  it has only the simplest playback features .  it plays ,  pauses ,  fast forwards ,  and reverses ,  period .  you cannot repeat either a single recording or portion of one ,  and you cannot create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play .  it plays  ( manually )  one recording at a time and that is it .  you cannot set markers to fast forward or reverse to  ( like chapters on a dvd )  ,  and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain .  in fact ,  this recorder is defined more by what it cannot do than what it can do .  it is well built physically ,  although it is definitely designed for small hands ,  and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands aren't small .if all you want is to record medium quality voice ,  this will work fine .  don't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed .  think of it as the audio version of a $20 digital camera .  cheap ,  quick ,  grabs the image ,  but no frills at all .  don't expect much and you won't be disappointed .i am usually very happy with olympus gear ,  but this is definitely below their usual standard .  unless your needs are very spartan and smple ,  i would recommend looking at more capable devices
don't waste your money .  what iriver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead ,  the system is useless .  i will never buy one of their products again and i'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iriver products .  my system cost me $340 . 00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at irive
i logged 870 miles with the iway 350 .   270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item .  i took it on our first trip to new york and long island and it was terrible .  the first problem occurred on the new jersey turnpike .  i was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat .  the unit said i was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway .  however when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more .  it said i was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70 ,  and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere .  i even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job .  it did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up .  we even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again .  about 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again .  then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going .  we often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit .  then on the trip from the bronx to long island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating .  i had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone .  however about 1 mile from their place it started working again .  we used it on long island with no trouble at all .  then on  trip back to the bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions .  then on our way back from the bronx to long island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating  .  the same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the bronx .  on our way back to maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions .  i did update the software to the new 1 . 2 . 0 days before we took the trip .also charting the 212 mile course to the bronx ny took close to 20 minutes ,  then the extra destination to long island a 30 mile addition took the iway 350 30 or so more minutes .  i figured with all that time the trip home calculations would be faster but i fell asleep after waiting  over a hour for it to complete the task .  i feel this is one issue the unit has .  longer trips take so long to calculate so when it thinks your off track it takes forever to chart a new course .  on short runs under 20 miles it was very fast .i returned the unit and got a garmin c530 .  the c530 is a very nice unit fast in every respect .
the idea is excellent ,  the execution is flawed .   what is not made clear at the time of purchase is that you will need a bridge or gaming adapter as well as a high speed internet connection at home .   the adapter should be built into the box .another disappointing factor is that the quality of the video is almost unwatchable if the connection is not robust .   there should be a cache memory built in so that a clear ,  unchoppy video and sound come through .
i bought it with my linksys wrt54gs wireless-g broadband router with speedbooster .  the software installation procedure is really poor .  when i ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages  ( can't remember what they were )  so i had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally .  then i set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point  ( infrastructure )  but it couldn't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away !  at one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity .  .  after several minutes it couldn't find anything and disconnected from the router .  i knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because i inserted my old belkin adapter and it connected straight away !don't waste your money on this .  if you wanna get a router ,  get the one i've got which is quite good .  if you want a wifi adapter then get belkin f5d7010 wireless 54mbps notebook adapter .  i couldn't find any 108g adapters by them but this one is really good .http : //www . amazon . com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/b000085bcx/qid=1125546516/sr=8-5/ref=pd_bbs_unbuck_5/002-4891207-7082407 ? v=glance&s=electronics&n=17259
i have to say ,  since i really started listening to music i have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound .   with that said i am not a bass junky ;  but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound .   i currently owned a pair of sony mdr-ex81lp  ( that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago )  i am a medical student and i study all day and all night ,  but cannot have my music blasting .   conversely i needed to have a nice isolation of my sound .   comparing my old sony to the new er-6 that i just got ,  i am extremely dissapointed with their performance .   i was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that i studied with my old ear buds .  to be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling ,  they are noise reducing .   there is no component involved here ,  they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them .   my wife just ran the vacuum and i barely heard it .   the earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable ;  however my other ones  ( sony earbuds )  sound better .   a combination of the two would be great .   keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds .   environmental sound reduction is great ,  sound quality is not as good as some others .  .  .  .  . choose your fault and pay attention to pricing .
i've had it for one week only and i'm using 3rd pair of duracell batteries right now !  i was using it for 3-4 hours per day  ( i have another mouse at work )  .  stayed switched off for the rest of the day in order to save batteries .  nice mouse when it works .  .  mine is piece of junk ,  maybe the latest batch they've got was not up to standard .  so i totally agree with mr .  loftin .  .  and it's silver one in my case ,  not a black one i've ordered .  .
i never even traveled with it .  it just stopped working completely making me lose data .never again i'll buy anything from this company .  this drive is a piece of rubbish !
caution .  creative used to have great support .  now ,  60 days of phone support .  i have a 9 month old zen micro .  it will not start ,  if i plug it in ,  it appears to charge but never completes ,  if i turn it on while plugged in i get to the creative boot up screen ,  it goes blank and never completes the boot up .  useless junk now .  i cnnot find my original receipt ,   ( who can )  .  i cannot be returned ,  and i cannot get support on it .i will be returning my perfectly good running vision m with receipt ,  as i cannot risk this device breaking down too .i have always hated apple ,  i am a pc guy ,  but an ipod will be my next mp3 device
this is about the worse thing i've ever bought for an ipod accessory .  it does not work .  all i heard was static ,  and very little music .  if you do want to hear music ,  you literally have to hold your ipod right next to the radio and stay perfectly still or all you'll get is static .  i bought this online and received it and was so excited to use it .  i was hesitant to buy it ,  seeing almost every review has said it doesn't work but i bought it anyway ,  don't buy it !  every review i've seen has negative feedback for this item ,  and i agree with everyone .  i figured since griffin made a new itrip ,  it would be better and work great .  however ,  it is the total opposite from that .  i do not recommend this product at all .  don't waste your time or money
be creative !  !  mostly what you're paying for is the embroidered 'magellan' name .   i like the crown royal idea of pouch or you can sew or obtain a fleece and make a square with pockets and tuck everything in there ,  works fine .  since the reviews are bad ,  i will not get this just to hide my gps away in an eye-catching steal-me monogrammed bag .
i am a long time pc user and pc gamer .i wanted this for a1 .  tv2 .  pc gaming monitor3 .  xbox gaming monitor4 .  dvd veiwing device .here is how i rate this monitor on these four levels on a scale of 1 to 5 :1 .  tv = 22 .  pc gaming monitor = 23 .  xbox = 14 .  dvd = 3the ghosting for normal operations is almost too much to live with .   i returned this item just so you know .   the rca inputs gave me only black and white images .   this could have been because my monitor was defective .   i am not sure .ghosting during gaming was very bad .   worse than that was it's lack of good brightness control .this is not for gamers
these cds burn fine but they won't play in most cd players .   i've tried it in two car aftermarket cd players ,  brand new mazda ,  and a brand new f1500 - they all did not read the cd .   most computers can read them ,  but other than that they are not very usable
i bought this a few weeks ago so that i could connect a cordless phone to my office computer and use skype for my calling .   when it works ,  it works well ,  and the sound quality is fine .   unfortunately ,  much of the time ,  it doesn't work .   it drops calls at random .   customer support is dismal ,  i emailed them several days ago and didn't even get a response acknowledging the email ,  let alone a solution to my problem .   just now i have tried reinstalling the drivers but that seems to be failing .we have a vosky call center at home that so far has been working much better .   i bought the the dph-50u because i was in a hurry and the store i was at only carried it ,  not the vosky .   i wish i had waited and bought a second vosky
item was advertised as white ,  but it was really grey .  as a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back
i ordered this mount for a sharp 20 inch lcd and it's not that great .  it was very easy to install ,  however ,  the arm when fully outstretched does not sit level .  thus when the tv is pulled away from the wall ,  the set is not level and very annoying to look at .  i don't believe this is a fault in the actual part ,  but the design of the arm .  this was relatively inexpensive for a wall mount - and you get what you pay for
the 350c is well packaged with almost current programming .  it only got me lost eleven  ( 11 )  times on a 865 mile trip : all cities in georgia - tybee island to pine mountain to newnan to stone mountain and return to tybee island .   ( i packed and returned the unit the day after getting home .  )  it may suit others well ,  but i can not rely on the unit .  four of the eleven lost episodes were because newly constructed highways were not recognized .  five were due to the unit reacting too slowly in rapid turning sequences .   ( one wrong turn took me sixty miles out of the way .  ) two were for unknown reasons .  the unit seems to take forever to acquire available satellites .  instructions are clear ,  but preferred views automatically switch to  " map "  even when not wanted .  i need a faster reacting unit that allows programming while enroute to a destination  ( by a passanger ,  of course .
mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that i made .   then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface .   if you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size ,  you could use my pt-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area
this is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons .1 .  this hub will not work with any usb powered devices .  so forget being able to charge your phone or running an unpowered external disk through this hub .2 .  extremely slow usb 1 . 1 .  this device is not usb 2 . 0 compliant3 .  it is clunky4 .  does not comke with a power adapte
i'm a longtime user of wacom intuos tablets and i was looking for something similar with wireless capabilities for my new dual 2 . 5ghz-g5 .  there were no wireless intuos products available at the time of purchase ,  so i went with the graphire bluetooth .  unfortunately ,  the product leaves a lot to be desired and after a couple of weeks of use ,  i plan on returning it .  the major problem lies with the pen--both in design and responsiveness .design :  the graphire series is cheaper than the intuos ,  and there's a good reason why :  the graphire pen is thinner ,  lighter ,  and has no grip .  if you have very small hands this might be acceptable ;  in my hand this feels like a toothpick .  it's very difficult to manipulate a tool effectively when it doesn't feel like it has any durability .  additionally ,  the graphire pen stand is little more than a piece of transparent molded plastic and slides around the desk whenever i put the pen back into it .responsiveness :  there is a half-second delay whenever using the pen to click in any finder-related options--opening windows ,  selecting files ,  etc .  1/2 second may sound acceptable ,  but if you ,  like me ,  use the pen for everything ,  not just drawing ,  believe me it is utterly maddening .  on the other hand ,  the mouse behaves perfectly with no delay at all ,  so i know it's the pen and not my computer .the tablet is attractive and the mouse works fine ,  but the bottom line is that it's more important for me to have a responsive ,  durable pen than a wireless tablet .  if you've never used an intuos you may not recognize the deficiencies ,  but for those who have ,  this is like going from a mercedes to a honda civic .  you'll get better gas mileage with the civic but the benz gives you the  best overall driving experience .  i need the driving experience ,  so i'm going back to the intuos--wire and all .
i bought it for my c340 but it does not work with it .  maybe it was my fault for not reading the description in depth .   i really thought it did say it is good for street pilots ,  though .  there might not be anything wrong with the item but it needs a better technical description
i like the dish networks technology and the potential that it could be .   one dvr which covers two rooms is great .   the picture is clear when it works .   the menus/programming are intuitive .   the pricing is reasonable .but ,  my complaint is reliability and support .  .  . for the two years i have had dish my tv picture seems to go out every 6 months or so .   everytime i talk to dish customer service i get a different reason why it could be out .   several times i have gotten new dvr boxes mailed to me and there is always a dispute about who should pay .   several times i have had dish net come out to my house and they have always tried to make me pay until i told them i'm tired of the hassel and just cancel me .   now my dish is out again this weekend and i am missing the ohio state / michigan game because my tv says no dish signal  ( reason tbd )  .anyway ,  if it worked consistently as advertised i would give it 4 or 5 stars .   but due to reliability i give it 2 stars .   and with murphy's law it always goes down when you want to watch that big event  ( prompting me to write this review instead of watching the game today )  !  !   i may have to switch back to cable .- j . clark / san jose ,  ca
like other fm transmitters i have tried ,  this one leaves much to be desired .   living in a major urban area ,  i was unable to find any fm channel that did not produce significant static and generally poor sound quality .  product is easy to use ,  but i consider the sound quality unacceptable .
this is a total waste of money and engineering .   plenty of free frequencies in my area and it would barely connect to anything .   sound quality horrible even when the device is right next to the antenna on a portable fm player .   wrapping it back up and sending it back
i had the same exact experience with the poor fit of these headphones and the rude customer service .   their 'surround-sound' he-592 phones don't fit well either .on the phone philips told me to buy a part at radioshack to resolve my problem .   they couldn't give me an rs part number because  " it isn't their product "  but they recommend that over selling me or sending me  replacement ear pieces .   according to them this problem was all my fault ,  i should have realized it sooner ,  saved my receipts & packaging an returned them within 30 days .from a technology standpoint the electronics are outstanding for the size and price .   i like the performance of the phones on planes ,  trains ,  etc .   they really work well but i am amazed that phillips would risk losing customers over pennies worth of silicone .   it is a shame philips can't do better with the customer touchpoints like the ear piece design ,  their phone support and part replacement policies .take a look at shure's products .   shure sells replacement foam and triple flange sleeve ear pieces for their products .   if you are in the same boat with me and like these except for the fit i think the triple flange sleeves may work as a replacement for the stock phillips ear pieces
everything your read about the picture quality is true .  .  .  however ,  this product just isn't reliable .   cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old .  i am sure i am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues .   customer service from this company is also very poor .  if i had it to do over i would not have purchased this product and i probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed .  i think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune
monster cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance ,  and ruthlessly exploits the consumer's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople .yes ,  for most things you do  " get what you pay for " ---but when it comes to speaker cables ,  interconnects ,  and other a/v wiring however it's another story .all you need for optimal sound is any 12 to 16 gauge generic cable which you can buy at home depot for a fraction of the cost .save your money for things like speaker stands ,  which really do make a world of difference
i am not using this microphone ,  the cord from the back of my computer barely reaches .  uncomfortable to lean so far forward
using this product to communicate between motorcycles as promoted by the very fact that there are motorcycle headsets for your helmut available for these radios is clearly unsafe .   the distractions created by the radios having no range after about 100 feet can prove fatal for a motorcycle ryder due to a momentary lapse in concentration ,  just as it would be between a bike and a car .i purchased these radios as the better of the midland lot - with an 18 mile range .   an outright lie .   i bought them to communicate between two motorcycles- either myself and my brother  ( after also purchasing 2 of the motorcycle helmut headstets )  ,  or between me on the bike and my girlfriend driving my jeep following me on a long distance ride .   we don't even get 100 feet out of them when the radios begin to breakup and are usless .   the range increases as long as you are not moving .   i haven't tested them while one user is moving on the road or on the highway and one user sitting stationary .   i intend to contact midland about a full refund ,  but if they don't work when you are moving then what good are they ?  .how could they fabricate these claims of 18 miles ?   even if they couldn't do 18 miles ,  how about a half mile ?   how about 1/4 mile or 1/8 mile ?   not even that .   this is a discrace .   i'm just another customer handed a bogus deal .   do not buy any gmrs stuff from midland
i bought these discs at compusa because i needed a few before i got the ones i ordered online .  well ,  i just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs ,  i got one that burned good .  not much bang for the buck .  i have burned many discs but never memorex ,  usually verbatim or ridata or mam .  very disgruntled with these discs making coasters .  maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case ,  i won't buy them ever again .  i thought memorex made good products
note to everyone who is having problems with this card--i reformatted it in my camera and it works fine now !  !initially i wrote :i was very disappointed in the shot-to-shot speed with this card  ( using a minolta xg )  .   the panasonic card that came with the camera ,  which i thought would be cheap ,  is three times faster than this  " upgrade "  .   this card is useless to me as it cripples the camera i bought it to work in .   it takes fourteen seconds from one shot to the next with this card .   with the original card ,  it's less than four seconds .   the claim that this is a  " high speed "  card is dishonest .   this is the slowest card i've ever used .   i will throw this card away rather than curse someone else with it .
i bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several lacie's for his company .  he's always had good luck with them .the first thing that i noticed when i opened the box was that there was a gap between the case and the faceplate .  i called lacie customer service and they sent me instructions on how to open the case and also noted my serial number so that i wouldn't void my warranty .  the problem was that there were 2 screws that hold the faceplate onto the internal chassis who were not even tighted  ( as if they started the screws and didn't tighten them )  .by the way .  .  .  the actual hd inside the case is a maxtor .  if i had know that prior to purchase ,  i would not have bought the lacie .i fixed the problem with the case and turned it on .  .  only to be hit with a high pitched winning sound coming from the hd .  this noise will drive me crazy and is not  " ultra quiet "  as noted in the description .  i'm sending it back to amazon for a refund
i have approximately 10 , 000 slides to scan .   i purchased the 4850 and after about 3 , 000 slides began to get three to four dark blue lines across the image .   after reporting it to hp they sent me a replacement tma .   the new tma worked fine for the first 450 slides and then bingo ,  i now am getting two dark blue lines again .   i think the machine is not engineered to handle the work load i have .
this seller computer brain is charging $20 . 18 to ship these ink cartridges .  .  . i knew the price was too good to be true .  .  .beware
1st the ipod is expensive .  it should at least come with a protective cover .   2nd i rarely used it and only when im in the gym .  quite to often when i go to turn the ipod on it goes into something called  " disk mode "  which freezes the unit up and cant be played .  theres not hard reset button so i have to go without listening to music for the hour or so im in the gym then take it home plug it in the cpu to get it to unfreeze .   im so pissed at this thing because im all exicted to finnaly listen to some music and get amped in the gym and the dang thing freezes .  for the money i spent on this thing it shouldnt happe
why does a 15 . 00 gift card cost 24 . 00 ?  i was going to get one but first someone explain this to me ?  is the card itself made out of gold ?  whaz up wit dat
does the unit work ?  ?  ,  .  .  . well yes to a degree .  it takes 6 holes to lock on to the satellites and then does a fair job of giving distances .  the display is poor and though they say  " up to 40 objects per hole "  there is normally 2-4 objects per hole .  all this depends upon the skycaddie course recorder .  the user  ( you )  can not modify the course or add any objects that the  course recorder didn't think was important .now the bad part .  the unit attaches via button and belt clip  ( like a cell phone )  .  my button  ( part that attaches to main unit )  has died twice in the first 30 days .  when it breaks again ,  .  .  . which it will often ,  .  . the unit will probally hit the dirt .  this isn't good .  but fear not .  it will be packed away weeks trying to get in touch with skygolf .  and another week to get a replacement button  ( which has been modified even weaker than the original one )  .  now my replacement broke on the first time i clipped it to the belt .  now back to skycaddie to get another .  after being on hold for another hour ,  they need to transfer you to another tech that handles parts .  this will take another hour .  you then get a message to leave a message .  normally within a week someone will call you back .  by normally i mean about 35% of the time you leave messages they return them .  would i buy another ,  .  .  .  duh ,  .  .  .  .  no
i bought the tdk mojo 256 about a year and 3 months ago .  it worked wonderfully for the first year - did what it was supposed to and the radio quality was great .  then i upgraded to windows xp and that's when everything started going wrong .  this mp3 player needs propreitary software to copy files from your hard disk or cd to the mp3 player .  unfortunately the software doesn't work well at all with xp .  right now ,  my player is piece of junk .  i have tried copying files which it shows as copied but then when you reconnect the player ,  they don't show up on there .  what's more ,  formatting the internal memory will also not release the space and so i have the internal memory full but it shows up in the software as free .  however ,  it won't copy over any new files and gives me a  " storage full "  error .  it doesn't act reliably with xp either and i had to unplug and replug several times for it to even read the list of songs on the mp3 .  it lasted all of 15 months .  while it sounds like a great deal  (  good features for price  )  .  do not buy this if you will be using it with xp and if you do ,  please don't expect it to last more than 12-15 months
who would even think about buying something that plugs into the wall for sixty bucks !  maybe thats why the ipod is so expensive .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
run winxp ,  sp2 with everything updated .   i've had this router for 6 months .   it is the wgt624v3 ,  firmware updated .   i never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone ,  while reading the amazon . com reviews .my desktop pc's  graphics card went down this past week and i had to rma it .  .  .  so about 10 days to send out and get a return .   i have always used a wired connection for my home desktops .   the wireless access was a 'it's there if i need it' novelty .   i started brining my ibm r51 laptop home from work so i could get online ,  vpn into work ,  etc .  .   this is the first time i have used my wireless consistently for more than a hour or so .the last 10 days have been rediculous to say the least .   i logged on my first day and lost connection 5-6 times browsing msn and yahoo .   at first i thought it might be channel interference since 2 other routers in range were using channel 11 .   i went ahead and disabled the 108g feature since i had never come close to hitting that speed anyways ,  and changed the channel .  .   i used the ibm thinkvantage software to scan my area for other wireless routers and picked a channel not being used .   i changed channels and i verified my signal strength before and after i changed ,  95% signal strength .  the connection is still getting dropped randomly .   changed channel to another channel not being used in my area and verified signal strength .   no difference .   scanned the networks again using the ibm thinkvantage software .  .  theres my router ,  97% signal strength @ 54mbs .   unplugged router ,  modem ,  repaired my winsocks with winsockxp ,  rebooted pc .   i turned on my modem first until is was ready to go ,  then the router until it was ready ,  and then my pc  ( as per the netgear website ) and yea ,  no difference in the connections stability .   the conection is still getting dropped randomly .i might expect this from a router thats on all the time and is getting tired from constantly being hammered .  but i hardly ever used the wireless access  ( yes ,  wireless radio has been off )  .   after reading these reviews ,  i am pretty sure the problem wont go away .the part that upsets me the most ,  i payed premium money for a product that i thought was premium .   if this had been priced  ( at the time )  at bargain bin prices ,  i wouldn't of cared .  .  but it wasn't and i do .   the 'you get what you pay for' saying does not hold true for this product .buyer beware
i bought a second traveldrive because the first one purchased worked just fine .   the second drive does not work on my system  ( windows millenium )  .   calling the service line i found out that there are two versions and the second is not compatible with the first .   after trying all the recommended solutions ,  the tech support suggested i request a warranty replacement/trade for the original version or simply get my money back .   requests for a resolution of the matter have fallen on deaf ears .   i would not waste any more money on products from this company
jan 2 2006i two ordered the  " md7001 2 line phone "  i thought i was getting a cordless 2 line phone .  what i actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work .  this info should be prominently displayed in their description .
i was excited about these headphones because creative usually has great products .i was sadly disappointed .the connector is clunky and surely going to wear out it's flimsy wire on the jack .the bluetooth signal is weak ,  take a walk down the street and it begins to distort like crazy .  it also distorts at high volumes which you will need to use anyway because the sound is so low .it runs out of power after only a few short hours .and worst of all ,  the headphones are impossibly tight ,  causing real discomfort .  after only two days of using these headphones ,  i couldn't take it any more
i bought with lots of ilussion this this ipod ,  i put all my music in it and use it !  !  after a 5 months it stop working ,  it didn't charge the battery .  i took it to best buy where i bought it and they told me that it has  " external damage "  and didn' repair it .  i send it to apple service and return it without services because the same reason .  my ipod didn't have that damage ,  it has only a few scratches on the screen .  after lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it i would have to pay us$250 . 00 that is almost what it cost new .  terrible service from apple .  .  short live .  .  don't recommended .  now i'm looking for another option for mp3 player to buy .if you know one please let me know it .
i have a d-link router ,  and i couldn't even get this thing to connect wirelessly .   it works if connected with a ethernet wire ,  but that isn't really the point ,  is it ?i called customer support ,  and the call dropped 4 times !  !  !  !   even when i was able to stay connected ,  they obviously weren't listening to me ,  and were of no use in the end .   i'm off to go return .   save your time ,  money ,  and aggrevation .   avoid this like the plague
i went looking at fry's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews .   i'm now stuck with a bazillion  ( ok ,  just 17 )  cds and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program .   i still can't figure out how to access any info on hawaii or alaska and i'm waiting each time an average of four days before  " tech support "  haha will write me back .don't buy this .
the netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because i mailed it to my son in tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine .  surely ,  i'm not so technically savvy as my son ,  but i can read and write and follow directions .  the setting up of the equipment is quite complicated ,  in my view ,  far moreso than it should be .  i've set up other peripherals with success ,  but this product is more than i can handle .  i've followed the directions ,  over and over ,  and still the router doesn't connect .  i've given up .  can't handle the frustration .  by the way ,  i'm way over the age of 13 .  i have grandchildren over the age of 13 .
just got this camera in the mail as a birthday present .  installing the software was easy ,  but unfortunately the camera is essentially broken .  it is only  ( somewhat )  in-focus for items about 1 inch away .  adjusting the focus ring doesn't help ,  so this camera's build seems to be defective .  my brother bought the same camera and it doesn't seem to have the same problem .  anyway ,  returning mine .
i am somewhat computer savvy - i understand the the ip address assigned in installation needs to match what my own router assigned for an ip address .   they don't match and i can't figure out how to change it .   i called netgear 4 days ago for help and they said their  " senior tech "  would have to call me back .   still waiting for that call .   back to staples it goes .   the installation appeared successful ,  but whenever i try to print ,  it says  " error - printer is busy "   the so-called instruction manual for this is laughable .   if you're not an advance level it person ,  don't try it
the card works as advertised but sandisk does not send in mail-in-rebate .  even though i mailed it in with the upc barcode ,  sandisk sent me a post card stating that i needed to resubmit it with the barcode .  how can i resubmit when they already have the barcode ?in my experience with sandisk ,  i got rebate back on one of two cards that i submitted - so you get mail-in rebate 50% of the time with sandisk .  i think mail-in-rebate is a big hoax perpetrated by these companies .  don't trust it !
i'd recommend selecting a different security cable product ,  especially if you have a powerbook or macbook .  this one is poorly made ,  even more poorly documented ,  and may have permanently damaged my powerbook g4 .   ( yes ,  the product web site claims this model is compatible with the pb  g4 .  )it's unclear from the cryptic instruction diagram on the back of the packaging which direction is locked and which is unlocked .   ( hey ,  would it be so bad to actually use *words* to explain things ?  even in 4 or 5 languages if you like .  the diagrams make no sense .  )in the process of trying to get this to work ,  it appears that the locking teeth chewed up the security slot of my powerbook .  it may have permanently damaged the slot .  needless to say ,  i will attempt to return the product for a refund .there are plenty of similar products on the market ,  including others avaiable through amazon .  i'd suggest trying one of those .
i bought this reader for my laptop since it didn't have usb 2 . 0 .but to tell you the truth ,  i think this device is a little slower than usb 1 . 0 !   i am going to buy the lexar 32bit card and see if that improves the download speed ,  because this reader is so slow .it took me about 45min to download 2gb of photos from my extreme iii card .   that is unacceptable
i just purchased the hp dvd740e from costco ,  and burned the cdr disc came with drive .  the lightscribe worked really well ,  it was the first experience ,  so i came here for reviews on dvdr ,  i was told that the verbatim is of top quality and the lightscribe picture is even better than the hp's ,  so i purchased the verbatim 30pk ,  received today .   i was so excited ,  that i immediately burn two discs with the best setting ,  but both come out fuzzy and presented the  " out of focus "  dull feel ,  look terrible with no detail compared to the hp bonus disc .  is this a joke ?  this is my first amazon review ,  can't help to vent my disappointment .  thanks for the super fast shipping anyway .
i received the camera and was not happy when i found a cheap mic that was attached to the cord of an ear peace instead of the the superior sound mic advertised in the ad .   i called amazon ,  they had no appolgies and said the most they could do was refund my money .on another note the picture quality was ok but froze at least 2 times or better per use ,  as for sound i had to put the mic up to my mouth before the person on the other end could hear me .not very happ
worked for 6 hours ,  then just stopped transmitting .  what a waste of cash .  do not buy this
this sd would not work in my  nikon  coolpix s6 camera  ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
broken after 3 uses .   extremely flimsy .   spend a few more buck and buy something more substantial .
arrived today in a taped ,  ripped ,  and open box .   it appears as though all the parts are there ,  but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed' product .   beware !my suggestion would be to buy from someone else
this router had 1/4th the range of my standard linksys g-router which suddenly burned out after less then a year .   the speed  ( when i could get a signal )  was 1 to 11 mbps ,  my old router held a steady 54mbps .   i did need a range expander for my old one to cover my whole house ,  but i couldn't use it with this router .   the expander only works with the basic g-router ,  so no way to even boost the signal on this new one .   support was a joke ,  couldn't get any help or explaination as to why the  " expanded range "  was so much less range the the previous  " unexpanded range "   bought another older version ,  and everything's great again .   don't waste your money or time on this
don't buy it !    i bought a koss dvd player and it broke in 6 months .   i was told i was out of luck because the warranty is only 90 days .   they do not do repairs .   my only option is to buy a new one and wasn't even offered a discounted price for it .   i have seen several complaints like mine about koss on the web .   they make junk and they make it to last just to get past the warranty period and then it breaks .   oh ,  by the way i loved it until it broke
do not believe the positive reviews !  !  !  !  !  !  ! like most of the other reviews- this  case scratched my ipod---bad !  !  !too bad i didn't read all of these reviews before i purchased the case .  i wonder if contour designs is going to blow me off when i contact them today ( 11-1-05 )  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
i was fairly satisfied with this phone until i had to re-arrange my office and move my phone .   once i moved it and then tried to reconnect it ,  i no longer had lcd functionality or speakerphone functionality .i looked on their website and this is what it said on their faq :problem :no caller id information receiveddoes the lcd screen on the handset show anything ?noyour telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for servicesince it is on their faq i would assume this is a common problem .   in trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that i send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it .   since i use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me .i would not recommend this product .   i personally will not by panasonic again due to the quality of customer support  ( or lack thereof )  that i received
this item said that it is compatible with all ipods but it is not .   it is only compatible with the  " old "  ipods .   evidently there is a difference in some of the more recent ipods and this itrip doesn't work with them .   we had to return the product
i dislike ipods so i figure i try something else and hope for the best .  . unfortunately i was wrongitunes and ipods are definitely much better .  .basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like sandisk's approach is wysiwyg .  . disappointingpros :- long battery life- email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks badcons :- it's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless- buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on- wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality- software is buggy and terrible- freezes occasionally- navigating through menus stutters and lags- boot time is 10 seconds- video mode has no options- needs serious firmware updates- time is listed only in settings menu = useless- tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly- every firmware update erases all your settings ,  including radio presetsand the list of issues goes on and on .  .  .anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritatingi am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever againmy suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying .  . so you dont make the same mistake i did and trust other people's lopsided reviews .  .
the im3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my pod .  first used it on a trip .  started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out .  frustrated me for the week as i didn't know if it would play or not on any given day .  when it did play it was ok but not great .  finally ,  it didn't play anymore .returned it to the apple store where purchased to find that there was only a 15 day return policy and i missed it by 2 days .  so ,  i tried to contact altec lansing .  the phone number in the owners book didn't work although i tried for several days .  then i emailed the altec support email .  no response after two emails .sometimes a product doesn't work and it's easy to return or get repaired .  on this one ,  it looks like this product will be finding the trash can .do not buy .
this printer binds up on two pieces of paper !  if there is the least resistance during a jam ,  the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash .  this is what happened to me after less than two months of light use .  .  . and i stayed within the manufacturer's guidelines .  however ,  there is no warrantee on this printer ,  so buyer beware
the transmission quality is very poor .  i was unable to find a single frequency free of static .  while operating the belkin tunecast ii in my car i found that driving over or under bridges ,  under traffic lights ,  under power lines ,  or near large trucks increases the static to a level where the music can not be heard at all .  the only way i could get audio clarity equal to that of a dirty and scratched record or a distant am station was to hold the transmitter to the face of my radio .  what a piece of poo !  can i give it zero stars ?  and don't even get me started on the excessive packaging that you'll need to use a diamond tipped jack-hammer to open
just a fair warning to all out there considering this card .   after purchasing this card it worked great .   then in the middle of my friend's wedding the card no longer was readable by my camera .   i could not believe it !   when i got home i put the original card in the camera and it worked fine .   i reformatted this card and still the camera could not read the card .   not worth the money for only one years use
do not waste your money ,  this was under recommendations ,  but i would not recommend this with your creative zen .my daughter purchased this after saving up for an mp3 player ,  this just does not seem to give enough power ,  we plug it in and 12 hours later it is still charging .  plug the mp3 into the computer usb and it is done in less than 2 hours .it may work fine for some other things but not the creative zen .  it would cost more to return and they will only exchange it ,  so guess we are just eating the cost and s & h .  i should have read the reviews before ;  would have seen that you get what you pay for ,  don't waste your money
i love the functionality of this armband .  the problem is that it keeps breaking .  the place at which the band loops through the holder keeps breaking .  .  i'm on my second one and it is almost ready for another replacement .  .
i had several problems with the ipod ,  mostly because of its horrible software itunes .  it messed up the firmware on the device several times ,  it would complain constantly that it is not up to date and then try to update it which resuted in several crashes .the most horrible thing however was that it would mess up your mp3 music collection in a way that can never be undone .  i had orgaized my collection in the file system nicely by genre ,  author ,  album etc ,  and this thing messed up everything .  i have another mp3 player - iriver - which i reccommend as a lot better than the ipod anyway - and i wanted to be able to copy things on it from my library .  now i am not able to and have to go back and re-organize the mess manually !  .i do not recommend the ipod and i do not recommend using their software either .
after receiving this boon mic ,  i found it did not work consitently .   losing contact with lost words ,  and the mic had to be held to the lips ,  therefore it was not truly hands free .   i require a mic that i do not have to touch to work and can be used with vo
unfortunately i bought this router  ( aka junk )  from amazon .  never worked smoothly .  did not like wpa .  after i set the the protocol to wpa and restarted it ,  the router froze .  updated firmware ,  no use .  now its not working .  power is intermittent ,  will shut off whenever it wants .  freezes randomly .  this garbage is going back to dlink today .  dlink tech support also said that they are having a huge number of complaints with 524 especially revision d .i will never buy another dlink .  do yourself a favour and avoid di-52
i was delighted with my toughskin for all of two hours .  that's how long it took for the belt clip to break ,  rendering my new purchase worthless to me .the toughskin itself is rugged ;  i loved it .  i should have waited before buying it ,  though  .  .  .  on my last visit to an apple dealership ,  they had a bin full of *just the toughskins , * for sale at a discount .  when i asked about these ,  i was told ,   " the belt clips break ,  and customers bring the toughskins back .  "i should note i'm very careful with my ipod and accessories .  i'm not rough on them .  the clip just fell apart while i was walking down the street .  given other comments about the flimsy clips ,  this is clearly a design issue that speck products needs to address
i started out with 2 gigabytes .  and then after i had filled this card with about 500 photos ,  i downloaded all the photos to my computer .  after deleting all of the photos from this card ,  the capacity had suddenly decreased to only half !  what happened to the other 1 gigabyte ?  i'm sure they pre-formatted this card to appear like it's 2 gigabytes ,  but what a surprise when you start using it .  not good
you may notice i am writing this in lowercase .   i am using the s510 keyboard i bought over a year ago .   the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless .  i have to subtract for longevity .   the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway .   and ,  as noted in other reviews this ,  in common with most other usb keyboards ,  only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch .   on the good side ,  the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice ,  but i'll be looking for something else for a replacement .  .
i was hoping to buy a small handheld vacuum for my office and computer hardware  ( keyboads ,  air inlets ,  and what have you )  .  however ,  the datavac has so little power ,  even after a full charge ,  that it's next to useless .  i can't recommend it .
i have so for used inav iguidance , mapopolis , navigon navigator 5 and the blue logger & street atlas usa  . out of all these the blue logger & street atlas usa is the worst and inav iguidance 2 . 1 . 1 is the best   . blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button .  .  .  .i will not recommend it to anyone .  .  .  . simply waste of time and mone
this dvd player does play all types of dvds no matter how you burn it .   but like other reviews ,  it stopped working after 3-6 months .   in my case ,  it was 3 months .   it just doesn't turn on anymore .   i unplugged everything and replugged it but it just went dead .   i don't watch dvds much ,  so it's not like i overused it .  go with another model .   this one has problems .   i thought mines would be the exception ,  but i guess not .   and now i can't return it because it's been over 30 days .
the ipod is cool but ours  .  .  .  as we've found has happened to many other owners  .  .  .  went on the fritz and our nightmare began .  apple's customer service is the worst cs that we've ever experienced regardless of the product or service supported .  i could write for days about the awful experience but i've wasted so much time with them already  .  .  .  i can't bear to waste more .  the most notable point is that the ipod cs folks repeatedly stated that ipods are more or less disposable ,  commodity items and  " breakdowns "  were common .  wow !  !   .  .  $400 bucks of throw away !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  we still haven't recieved the return box for replacement/repair after several days even though it was promised in 24-48 hours .  we also own an mp3 player that we refer to as a  " dell-pod "  from dell computer and have had to use their customer service as well .  dell's cs support was awesome .  based on our experience with apple/ipod cs support  .  .  .  this is the first and last apple product that will be owned in our household
i attempted to use this product in my 2002 chevy tahoe factory audio system .  as others here noted ,  the deck would quickly error and eject the monster adapter .  the monster adapter did work in my 2000 harley davidson fltri factory audio system .  the difference is that the harley unit does not have  " cut-tape "  detection .  the tahoe does .i returned this monster unit and picked up the sony sony cpa-9c .the sony device is a bit different as it has small link of simulated audio tape within the tape path .  this little bit of simulated audio tape effectively fools the tape unit not to think that there is an error and eject the cassette adapter .  there are other reasons that these adapters will auto-eject  ( google is your friend )  .  but the sony unit seemed to be the solution for me .the big reason for the zero star review is that monster has zero information on their web site or product packaging regarding device compatibility or troubleshooting .
i love this mouse !  it's compact and picks up the signal on just about every surface .  i gave it 2 stars because i figured out that it was preventing my laptop from going into idle mode  ( windows xp ,  sp2 )  .  sadly ,  i'm going to have to get another mouse because of that
1 .  there was a consistent buzzing on the phone even when i tried multiple jacks for the base .2 .  phone features worked as advertised .  but the voice enhancer is useless and actually makes it sound worse .3 .  it was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset .i returned it mainly because of the buzzing
as mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side .  that did not concern me too much .  my problem is that it does not work properly with my samsung 13-inch color tv .  it turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but i cannot ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel .  for example ,  if i enter  " 54 "  it goes to  " 55 "  .  i tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions
i am on my third drive now ,  thanks to the first two breaking .  sony sent me the 720ul as a replacement for my 710ul ,  but it's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720ul doesn't support mac os .the sony service center in manning ,  ia gave me a huge runaround .  .  .  first they agreed to pay for return shipping on the second defective drive .  then they called me back 2 hours later and refused to pay for the shipping .  what a joke .good drive when it works ,  but may god have mercy on you if it breaks after the return period .
i bought a brand new unit directly from garmin .  it worked for about a week ,  then it would no longer charge .  i returned it and got a refurbished unit in exchange .the refurbished unit did better .  .  it lasted 3 weeks before failing .  to use it ,  i must use the charger plug constantly ,  as the unit will not charge .sending it back now to try a third unit
at the moment i am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out outlook 2002 ,  which comes with the ipaq .   outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs  ( which only now i find out )  and i can't for the life of me figure out why hp would ship it with their hardware .   do not install outlook 2002 on your machine .the ipaq itself may be ok ,  but if this is a foreshadowing of the fun to come .  .
my first mouse broke after only a few uses .  when i sent it back for repairs ,  they sent back a refurbished mouse that did not work at all .  avoid buying this mouse at all costs
terrible design did not fit my car's electical outlet ,  it does not work with my jeep liberty .   the jack construction is defective does not even power on
the first subwoofer died  ( no sound )  after 6 days .   remember ,  the sub powers all the speakers in this system .   i sent it back to the company i bought it from and they were nice enough to take care of  " klipsch's faulty product "  .   they asked me if i would like a refund and like an idiot i said ,   " no ,  just send me another one "  .   the replacement klipsch system arrived and it played great for about 14 months and then nothing .   no power from the sub !   same problem but now my warranty is up .   klipsh has a way of designing things to work just past the warranty .   shame on klipsch for making such a shoddy product .   shame on me for asking for a replacement and getting burned twice .   heed all these warnings my friends .   i would buy used speakers at a garage sale before i would buy another klipsh product .   you have been warned !
this phone is really cool but it has two major flaws .  the first is the caller id problem which the other posts have already described in som detail .  the second is that although the incoming volume is fine ,  the people on the other end have trouble hearing me and say that i sound 'far away and very soft' .  troubleshooting and reseting doesn't seem to help .  will return asap
i've spent over two hours tweaking this ,  and over an hour on the phone with customer support .   the thing still wont connect to the internet .   don't get me wrong ,  the lights light up and my laptop can connect to the router ,  but the router wont connect to the internet .belkin tech support told me to send it back .   i will and i think i will try the dlink pre n .
i've been 'trying' to use this phone for the past 8 months .   worked fine in the beginning ,  now i can't even answer my calls .   i hit the talk button ,  but the phone continues to ring .   spend a little more money but buy a better phone .   this phone is a total waste of money
i had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble .  all of a sudden ,  today ,  as i went to pick up the lock ,  which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it ,  it decided to change combinations by itself .  so it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one i had set .  i tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites .  the fact that i even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock i can't rely on
this product did not reliabley work in a new sony psp running the current sony software .   don't know if the design is flawed or the unit i received was defective
i bought an alpine 9847 and the ipod interface .  i works but it totally hijacks your ipod .  the beautiful intuitve ,  fast controls on the ipod itself are locked out and you can only control the ipod from the car stereo .  it is therefore very hard to deal with especially if you have a large music catalog on you ipod .  it is very slow ,  not at all intuitive .  even after getting used to it it is no good .  the info on artist ,  album or song title imports from the ipod very slowly .  turning the volume knob is equivalent to circling on the ipod but one turn eqauls about 3 spots on the list unlike one circle on the ipod which equals dozens of spots on the list .  therefore if you have a large catalog you have to spin the volume knob 100 times to get thru a long catalog list which takes forever .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . very annoying ,  very slow ,  very cumbersome .  if only it did not deactivate the normal controls on the ipod itself .  a better and much cheaper solution is to find a car stereo with some form of line in ,  either stereo mini plug or rca jacks .  the just connect directly and use the ipods own controls which are infinitely better .  i replace an old stereo to get the ipod option and am very sorry i did so
i bought this adapter along with the linksys wrt54gl broadband router .   i managed to set them up and install them properly .    ( the best advice i got from the  " home networking for dummies "  book was to get a 100 foot cat5e patch cable so that i could put my router in the place i where i wanted it ,  and hook it up with a wired connection first .   i actually only needed a 50 foot cable ,  and got it for $20 from a local electronics supply store .  )so i got everything up and running  ( remember to install your router first ,  and then your network adapter )  ,  surfed the internet for awhile ,  and then shut down my computer .   here's where the trouble started .  .  .  .as other reviewers have noted ,  the linksys installation makes changes to your windows xp configuration ,  de-activating the welcome screen and the feature microsoft calls  " fast user switching .  "   this happens with no warning .when i went to turn on my computer again ,  i got a new start-up screen for windows ,  demanding a password .   i freaked out ,  because i don't remember ever setting a password for windows .   i called linksys ,  and was extremely unimpressed with their customer support .   the young woman seemed to be amused by my problem ,  and was actually laughing at me .   she began to start me through the process of completely re-setting the router to the factory settings  ( this would not have helped )  .what finally helped was figuring out  ( with no help from linksys )  that if you never set a password for your windows xp logon ,  all you have to do is hit  " enter "  at the password prompt .   that's all there is .   linksys could have told me this ,  or better yet ,  warned before installation that these changes to windows xp would take place and suggest setting up a user password in advance .another gripe about this network adapter and the linksys router--neither came with instruction manuals .   there is a 60-page instruction manual on the cd rom that comes with the product ,  but you'll have to print it out yourself  ( do it before you install or try installing the product )  .   in the case of the router ,  i also had to do deep searching to actually find the instruction manual on the cd-rom--it wanted to start up the setup wizard automatically and the instruction manual was not easy to access from the cd-rom .   i guess this may be the norm now with computer hardware ,  but it still stinks .i do not recommend the linksys wusb54gc ,  primarily because of the unannounced changes it makes to the windows xp system ,  and because of linksys' non-existent or non-functional and rude customer support
these things are not worth the money  .  .  get a cheap one !  look at http : //www . radarbusters . com/ or www . 007radardetectors . com or www . consumersearch . com
my this earbud headphone is  poor in bass response comapared to my sony mdr g-54lp ( beware mdr-g54lp and mdr g54lp is two different models there is difference of - sign )   actually in experts view this type small earbuds use to give poor sound this is true with any  brand and model so never buy earbud type small headphone if you want small headphone buy in the ear canal  type headphone  in experts view this type in ear earphone use to give good crystal clear sound example sony mdr ex 71 / 81 ,  shure e2c etc .  if bigger headphone is ok than buy mdr-g54lp
i've had this mp3 player since it came out and ,  if anyone is still considering getting it ,  i must advise otherwise .   the mp3 player itself looks and feels great ,  and the navigational features are very easy to use .   the problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable .   i have used 3 versions of this player  ( expecting each time that the player was simply faulty )  ,  and all of them glitch up terribly .   i constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play .   it also freezes half of the time that i try to sync with wmp .   in addition ,  sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my h10's list of tracks  ( even though they no longer exist on the player )  .finally ,  iriver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products !   as a owner of two irivers  ( h10 and the 120 )  ,  i have seen for a while how they function :  they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month ,  and then they leave that product to produce a new one .   it seems like they have a new mp3 player being introduced every few months .   their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of ,  and if you do ,  they will simply say you need to send it to the factory  ( occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free ,  though )  .be smart ,  stick to a creative ,  the new toshiba gigabeat s ,  or  ( clench your fists )  an ipod
the card lasted about 3 months then just died .   i'm disappointed considering the cost .   when it was working it seemed to have better range than my builtin centrino web access card .   i don't know if i got a lemon but now i have to check the warranty .
after reading some good and bad reviews i went ahead and bought them anyway .  they will not stay in my ears ,  i tried the three different sized ear buds but non will do the job ,  very irritating .so ,  i do not recommend them at all ,  too bad because if they stay in when you sit really still the sound quality is really good .aloh
i've had many fax machines and this one ,  when it worked ,  certainly wasn't the worst of the bunch .  problem is ,  the auto document feed tray is cheesy .  no matter how many times i smoothed ,  then fanned the paper ,  it would accept two to five sheets at a time .  if i fed one at a time ,  this unit worked like a champ .  unfortunately ,  that can be said of most units .   i've had good brother machines in the past ,  and probably will buy another ,  better ,  brother fax .  this one got me so frustrated i threw it out the back door .  it's still laying there ,  only there seems to be more pieces now
i recently purchased this item from amazon .  what i received was version 2 of this modem .  the current version on the linksys site is version 4 .  as a cox customer ,  the results of my purchase were unsatisfactory .  i will be returning this and purchasing the version 4 linksys from another vendor
one star is too many !    ( it should be negative one )  .   this sad excuse for a television/radio has to be the worst piece of lame crud i have ever bought in my entire life .   picture fades into black ,  terrible reception which fades in and out as you move about the room ,  smells like burning plastic after a half-hour ,  and so on .   please ,  amazon shoppers ,  don't waste any money on this !   you might just as well throw the $15 out the window .   step up to something more reliable from a better manufacturer
i have several pairs of portable speakers for my laptop but forgot to bring them on a recent trip and bought these based on the glowing reviews posted here .  however ,  when i received the speakers i found that they are much larger in size and much lower in both quality of build and quality of sound than for example the creative speakers .  they have a huge and unstable footprint when opened  ( about 9 inches long and one inch deep )  and are not particularly compact when folded either .  the sound is not rich and they eat batteries amazingly fast ,  then begin to buzz .  i do not recommend these speakers
the antenna did not work at all !  save your money !
i had the same problems as already stated .  i am currently having the volume issue as well ,  and yes my batteries are weak  ( the light is on )  .the first unit i bought lasted two weaks and then there was no sound at all .  i called sharper image and they agreed to send a replacement .  i waited two weeks and nothing .  i called again and they had no record of my previous phone call .  they did send a replacement and told me it would be sent overnight if  " deemed appropriate by management .  "  it was not shipped overnight .bottom line - this product is awful .  do not buy - i regret it !  it is worth it to spend more money on a different product .  this only has a 90 day warranty and it doesn't last quite that long .
this product is terrible and i'm going to return mine or throw it away .   it constantly wanders to places i don't want it to be or trails where i think it should be based on my usage of other mice .   at this point i consider it unusable .   i've tried it on several surfaces to see if it was a tracking problem ,  but noticed no real change in behavior .   i think what's happening is it keeps trying to go to sleep while i'm moving it ,  because the tracking is ok as long as i'm moving it very quickly ,  but when i'm trying to precision target something like an icon or a piece of text it starts jumping erratically .   i keep it about 6 inches from my laptop at all times ,  and the laptop isn't complaining about connection problems
i had a monster icarplay for some time and had givben it to a friend .  so when i was looking for a new one i thought i'd try the kensington .big mistake - my car couldn't pick the signal up without manually tuning - very painful .  go for the monster products over this in a heartbeat
there are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd .   if you can read chinese you may fare better than reading the english instructions for the software .   i'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control
dont buy and i had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear .
i bought one of these ,  brand new .   when i use it with a portable cd  player/radio on the proper settings for my unit ,  the radio works for about 15 seconds ,  then shuts down .   like the other reviewer ,  i'm wondering if the voltages are off .   will try a meter .  .
bought one from amazon ,  they sat on the order for a week before shipping a unit that arrived dead .  went through the return/replacement process and they sat on the order for over a week this time and the  that one arrived dead with the exact same failure mode .the second one looked as if it had been opened before ,  accessory bag not sealed ,  manuals out of place ,  interior packaging worn .  i believe the second one they sent was a return that was then resent to me .  bad news !  !  !i still had both and in hope of fixing on ,  i contacted garmin who said they were indeed broken and offered to fix one and send it back .  this would mean i'd have paid full price for what would then be a refurbished unit .   both of them returned .i needed the unit right away for a desert trip .  amazon's refund process made it such that they'd not refund all of the funds but hold them on account  ( those that were originally given to me as a gift certificate from my employer )  .  therefore i could not get the equipment for a local vendor .i opened one month nearly to the day dealing with slow order processing ,  bad units ,  and more .so ,  i'd not recommend the unit and i think amazon may need to review their own practices to ensure what they have in inventory is new and likely operational ,  and that when a customer orders something ,  they put in the effort to ship it asap !  !without that ,  if you have to buy one ,  go to a local dealer ,  put that batteries in at that shop and have them prove it works before you leave with it .  since you can't so that here ,  don't buy it here .
do not buy this item .   it is terrible .the itrip has awful reception .   it isnt worth the money .   wait for something better
i purchased this item and was excited to get them ,  but burning my first dvds .  .  they're all coasters !  arg .  .  pass memorex and go for a more expensive media ,  like verbatim
3 more of the useless flimsy holders you get in the ipod box !
confusing light display  ( looking in the manual )  told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages .   there is no jam .  there is nothing stuck in the printer .   sending it back now .   i do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages .    ( maybe you won't have time either !  )   i am very tech savvy and have checked the manual .   the device simply is defective .i also noted that the top lid that folds down for packing to travel seems very flimsy .   it's hard to imagine it would not break in time ,  and since it's the paper feeder ,  you'd be out of luck .   i'd recommend something else
the matte photo paper that i received was really poor quality .  no matter what setting my printer was set to ,  the ink ran together and created a really low quality photo .  i do not recomend this item .
this mousepad may seem as a great product but at times the rest becomes a little bit tiresome ,  and i think it get's in the way of my hand and the mouse .  it did take me a great deal of time to get used to this pad but anyone else who use's it has found it in the way and annoying .  i have to agree with this ,  b/c it truly does get into the way of my hand and its a little bit confusing .  also it is much bigger than most mousepad's it takes up a great deal of space
i purchased the case along with my new palm tx to protect it on trips or whenever carrying it .  it's a metal shell with a molded plastic liner .  the little plastic catch in the lid half ,  which keeps the case closed ,  never seemed to work quite correctly ,  requiring several sliding motions before it would click shut .  on a trip on march 3rd ,  this very small lip of plastic molded into the case broke away .  now it has no catch to keep it closed .  since the case cost me about $24 new and i'd only get about half price for the return ,  i figure the broken little catch costs me too much to return .  i'll use a rubber band around the case ,  reminding me how flimsy and insufficient the case closing mechanism is .  save your money and don't buy this case .  i don't remember reading the reviews before i ordered it -- so there's a $24 lesson
i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true .  .  . and sure enough they rejected my upcs  ( i kept copies )  only have hounding them and contacting the better business bureau did they say 'whoops a mistake' i have a fleeting suspicion this was intentional
these radios look nice but there are some problems here .  first the batteries do not last long unless you do not talk .  second the biggest problem for me was uncompatibility with other radios and brands .  the receive quality is very poor and hard to understand at times .  i also hace a t7200 and the difference is like night and day .  the 7200 is the best .  the 7400 i believe is an has flaws and that is why you see them priced so low .  i paid $24 . 00 on ebay and also have seen the set at home depot clearance for $44 . 00 today .  what good is any radio if you cant understand what someone is saying ?  good try motorola but this is a poor product . not recommended to purchase
worked fine for a couple of weeks and then just died .  the problem was that it was not recognized by xp or linux anymore .
the resaon i purchased this sport case is because it was an apple product .  my thoughts were that is i was going to dive into the ipod experience i should invest in a quality case to protect it .  i'm sure that most people would think the way i do .  i read the reviews and felt that even though it was a little pricey i would go ahead .  this product is not a good one for the price .  mine broke ,  specifically ,  the plastic slider on the side that locks the shuffle in .  i know what your thinking .  .  .  she abused the product but i swear i did not .  i loathe returning things but ,  darn it ,  this is ridiculous .  avoid this one and go for something less expensive .
i never even got a chance to listen to music through these headphones .   i couldn't get them to stay in/on my ears .   the loops that go around your ear are huge and just make them more cumbersome .   these may fit men with bigger ears better but i wouldn't recommend them for females
i purchased two cdos only to find out that some of the lights on one of them did not work .   after 6 weeks ,  kds finally replaced it .   it did not cost me anything but time and frustration .   after 2 months ,  my second one has now failed .   most of the trays do not eject .   it is no longer returnable and i have cds stuck in it .   do not make the mistake of purchasing even one of these .   go to k-mart and get one of the old fashioned manual ones .   you will be much happier
this camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device ,  smart motion detection ,  etc .   the recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix .   some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough ,  d-link has a utility to make them readable .i upgraded the latest firmware 1 . 06 ,  tried using the ability to write to a storage device and found it very hard to manage .   motion triggering is touchy but works once you set it up .   the wireless caused 90% of my communication problems .   ran a wire and things were fine .   clock could not keep time for anything .   set usa edt and it was fine and shortly after it feel back one hour .   d-link knows of this and the only solution was to use atlantic time .   it has all the right features and image is great but i have to vote thumbs down on this unit .one more thing ,  d-link hard codes an ip address so if you try and factory reset remotely or of you happen to be using a different network addressing scheme ,  you're done .   why for the life of me they don't use dhcp by default is beyond me
i ordered this keyboard/mouse combo and it turned out to not be blue tooth ,  so i returned it .   i'm sure it would have been great if i had used it but my mac has blue tooth and i thought i was getting a blue tooth kbd and mouse .i got an apple blue tooth keyboard instead and i found a logitech blue tooth mouse ,  which i also got .    ( apple doesn't offer a decent blue tooth 2 button mouse in anything like an acceptably reasonable price range )
i bought one of these a few months ago .  it worked perfectly with my old thinkpad ,  but not long thereafter i got a thinkpad t60 ,  thinking ,   " hey ,  universal means universal ,  of course it will work "  .  but no :  six months after the t60 was introduced ,  kensington still hasn't gotten their act together to produce a  " smarttip "  for it .  they haven't even added lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site !  all customer service can say is that they don't have one ,  they don't know when or if they ever will ,  and they suggest that i check back on the website someday if i still hold out any hope .  so ,  i have a $100 brick on my hands .  very disappointing ,  kensington .it's really too bad :  the unit is lightweight ,  sleek ,  and functional ,  and  ( unlike some reviewrs )  i think the 5-inch cord was brilliant  ( and it doesn't get tangled up in my briefcase )  .  the cables are much nicer than on my 70-watt igo supply ,  and the connectors don't break like they did on the igo .  and it's not like there's some technical problem :  the t60 needs 20 volts ,  90 watts ,  well within the 24-volt ,  120-watt capability of this unit .   however ,  six months delay in supporting a major business computer brand is just unforgivable ,  so i can no longer recommend it
subwoofer should not be called that :  it's tiny ,  and distorts if the slightest bass is put through it .  not good for music ,  not good for gaming .  steer clear
i bought this card more then a year ago .  overall i'm not impressed ,  and wouldn't buy it again .  first of all ,  in ~30% of cases it crashes my tungsten e .  secondly ,  the games are not that much fun .  simcity is extremely limited and not enjoyable to play at all .  honestly ,  i have more fun playing games i've downloaded for free .  final annoyance - the card is slimmer then a regular sd so it slides off easily from the slots of the hardcase making it easy to lose
i went and got this keyboard after the first one broke .   i found the keys were re-arranged .   instead of hitting home - i wound up deleting my work .this is a keyboard i cannot work with .   model number 1 and 3's were better .
i wanted to connect a computer to a router ,  and the computer was going to be pretty far away from the router .   so i figured i needed a long cord ,  and decided to get this one ,  which is supposed to be cat 5 stranded patch  ( which was what i needed .  )   well ,  it's long .   that's the only good thing about this cord .   but the bad thing is so bad that the cord is useless .   there is nothing on the ends !   it's just a giant wire !   there aren't any connectors on the ends that i can use to plug the cord into my computer ,  or the router .   so i have a cord ,  but no connectors .   it's completely useless ,  unless i buy the connectors separately ,  and attach them myself .   do i know how to do that ?   do i want to do that ?   no .    so i'm returning this .   maybe ,  if all you need is the cord  ( it's grey ,  by the way )  ,  and not the connectors ,  you might be able to use this .   otherwise ,  it's completely useless .   if you can't find any cords this long that have connectors ,  maybe you should consider trying a shorter cord .    .  .
from looking at the d-link website and talking to five tech support staff ,  it appears that there are countless versions of this card ,  each with different driver software .  the one i got came with a cd with the wrong drivers .  with tech support ,  i finally found the 8 mb driver file i was supposed to download .  however ,  they did not provide any instructions on how to install the new driver .  the normal  " automatic "  approach did not work .  and their instructions did not match the screens i was getting on windows xp sp 2 .so i called back again .  and again .  and again .despite being given a case file ,  each time i was asked the same questions ,  including what ,  exactly ,  is wrong .  and each time i was told to do the same thing :  install from the cd .  reboot .  remove the program .  reboot .  install from the new driver .  reboot .  remove the program .  talk to a senior tech support person .install from cd .  reboot .  etc .it would have been easier to send the card with the right files on the cd .  a clearly designed website would be second best .  and tech support that knows what they're doing and speaks intelligble english would be a nice last resort .i spent three hours calling d-link technical support and speaking to five people ,  and they could not tell me how to install the software for this card !i am not alone in this experience ;  see cnet's web site user reviews of the dwl-g650 .another reviewer reports that this software damaged his operating system .  i believe he is right .  it appears to have damaged my screen font for windows message boxes .  i have been unable to repair it .  the dwl-g650 is bad news .i give them two stars cause they actually have tech support ,  though in this case it was utterly worthless .back it goes
everyone knows terk makes junk ,  and this multiswitch is no exception .  i needed a multiswitch quick ,  went to best buy and paid ,  get this ,  $154 . 00 for this terk ms !  !  yeah ,  i know ,  but i needed it asap .  one week after installation ,  one of the satellite inputs crapped out ,  dead .  and i do have surge protection on the lines .  also ,  the unit runs very hot .  i've had three other terk products do the same thing .  avoid terk at all costs and go with monster or even radio shack in a pinch .  will never buy a terk product again .  ever
this product keeps changing home addresses ;  none of which are the address i typed in the initial field .  it does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard .   additionally ,  gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things ,  the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground .   the pictures are misleading .   we tried all of the advise the company gave us .  it's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work .   it was a lot to invest to have this many problems .
the drive arrived at the end of december ,  was quick to get up and running ,  and worked fine until yesterday .   then it got the machine equivalent of  " lockjaw "  and i've been unable to get the tray to release .so ,  it's a good drive while it operates ,  but i'll probably make sure i pay for at least a 1-year warranty on my next purchase .as far as my recommendation goes ,  it depends very much on how inconvenient it is when one's drive fails .   yesterday ,  i just went to a backup burner and kept working ;  if i had needed to get the job done ,  and i had not previously developed a strategy of always keeping a backup device handy ,  i'd have been in a seething ,  hair-pulling rage .   computer hardware is never 100% reliable ,  but is it worth the risk to purchase a device that is known to fail in less than a year
this has to be the worst keyboard i've purchased .   it's my first wireless .   i've used and sold several keyboards and none have fealt as cheap as this .with the added snap-on plastic palm rest it sets the base up too high .   without it there is a 'hump' where your palms go that puts your hands an an uncomfortable angle .the plastic is really bad .   it feels really cheap and slick .before i purchased this i had been trying to get in tough with logitech about their products and compatability but they never bothered to respond .so ,  bad product .  .  .  . company on the slide .  .  .  .  . doesn't add up to a good value .logitech used to be the best company out there .  .  . or at least one of the best .  .  .
they totally misrepresent this product .  it does not work with macs .  i feel cheated and lied to by memorex ,  shame on you
i bought this for my 5g ipod .  i drive a late model subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console .  firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving .  its impossible to use in park and neutral in my car .  the controls are bulky .   the transmission cut out in mountains ,  on hills ,  and on the highway whenever i drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console .   in short ,  it hardly worked and i was afraid to touch it while driving ,  lest i'd knock my gear shift out of place .  its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk .this is hands down the worst ipod fm transmitter i have ever used .   i've previously used a basic kensington all in one model   ( stolen by wife ,  worked well but awkward )  and ended up replacing this with a far superior griffin road trip .   i reccommend spending the extra $15 on the road trip .
i had these headphones for a few years then they got crushed in half in my bag .  they hurt your ears after about ten minutes .  they are durable though .  i would recommend the kind that clip behind your ear
i purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight .  my husband and i both used them ,  and we both took them out of our ears after 20 minutes .  they were great at first ,  but after 20 minutes they really started to hurt our ears .  the inside of my ears were so sore i couldn't even adjust the earphones when they started coming out ,  that's how bad my ears hurt .  i had the foam pad over them too ,  and it made no difference .  i would not recommend these
mine didn't work out of the box .   just my experience .   i am taking this thing back to the store tomorrow .   i returned another crappy webcam today to buy this ,   so you can imagine how irritated i am with the lame quality of these things
i had vonage since april ,  2006 .   i finally switched back to qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone  ( my cell phone ,  as my vonage line didn't work )  with tech support .   here is my experience :1 )  it took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to vonage .   don't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over .2 )  after my number was finally switched over ,  outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds .   incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute .   this resulted in having to call the person back ,  saying  " sorry the call was dropped- we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems .  .  .  .  "this is with the highest speed cable internet service available  ( 8mbps download ,  600kbps upload )  and a wireless 'g' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while i had vonage problems .   i spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem .   after talking with tech support ,  sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while i was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter .3 )  as a result of the problems i had ,  i asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working .   be warned ,  they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service .   i spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service ,  and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given .   after the problem had been fixed  ( temporarily )  ,  i called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month ,  not previous months of no or poor service .   they are not customer friendly about providing refunds for poor or no service .4 )  finally ,  in september ,  still with dropped calls from vonage ,  i switched back to qwest to get reliable phone service .   i found customer service there has improved and is much better than vonage .   and they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back .in the end ,  i am happy to pay the extra $10/month  ( after the first 3 months free )  to get phone service that works .   i notice that $5 of the extra cost is for fees ,  etc .  that the phone company has to charge but vonage does not ,  which is unfortunate .   in any case ,  i guess you get what you pay for .one last thing :  vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan ,  they never will .   this means eventually they will either go out of business ,  or have to raise rates .save yourself the problems i had- pay the extra $ to get phone service that works
i've loved these headphones for the year or two i've had them .   i still love them now .  .  .  .   when they work .   the problem is that the cord is shoddy .   when i plug into my laptop i have a hard time keeping it working .   i have to twist the cord just right to get the sound to work .   if its not just right i'll get sound in only one ear ,  if at all .   i don't think this happened because of any handling issues seeing as how the base just sits on my desk .   i don't think it has ever left my office and i don't tend to put items on top of the wire that might crush it .   overall i like these things ,  but i'm just getting sick of the sound phasing in and out when my laptop moves the slightest bit
we have 50+ of these cards at work and i have 4 at home .   i have never seen a more  " fragile "  pci card .   if you slam a door or stomp your feet near the pc ,  this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot .   god forbid you attempt to move the tower .   every other day ,  someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled ,  removed and reinserted ,  or otherwise screwed with .when it does actually work ,  the connection is usually good
i bought 1 40 pack of these disks so that i could create a set of windows 95 setup disks .  they worked to install windows once and then they all started dying .  i went to run windows setup and got halfway through and got a  " cannot read from device "  error .  after that i ran scandisk on all of them and only 1 disk didnt have bad sectors .  a few of the disks had bad sectors in the system area rendering them unformattable .  i advise anybody who reads this to steer clear of these cute little disks unless you want to use them as christmas ornaments
i knew i had to pay shipping for this cards  ( $5 )  so i decided to buy 4 at once ,  what was my surprise that at checkout they wanted to charge me five dollars shipping for each card eventhough they were going to be ship together i decided not to buy them anymore .  they lie telling you that you are saving a huge 1% but at the end you pay almost 20 dollars for each card that is more or less 35% more than anywhere else .  its a shame that they try to rip you off that way .  buy them at the apple store on line ,  no shipping fee  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  you pay only face value not a cent mor
when i put this device in my mp3 player ,  i espect listen the music but i need a room completly silent and obviusly that no was my intention .
it is rather ironic that this device was so cheap that despite the fact that it will not charge an ipod shuffle .  .  . it cost more to ship it back than i would get in a refund .bought from an amazon associated store  ( tiger direct )  for $4 . 99 .  i also bought the matching car charger for $3 . 99 .  neither works with the ipod shuffle .  oh well .belkin makes a ipod dock connector to usb adapter that allows you to use your existing fw based stuff for charging only .  .  .  .  ,  i think that is the ticket for charging the shuffle on the road
i have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination .  suddenly i could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself .i called engineering in the hotel i was staying in to help me .  it took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers .
i purchased this item on nov .  17 ,  2006 .   amazon claimed it was in stock .   i then upgraded from free shipping to standard ,  which promises a 3-5 days delivery time .   amazon now informs me that it will arrived on nov .  29th !  this is the second recent order with a longer than anticipated/promised delivery time .   i don't know if amazon is going down hill or what ,  but it's discouraging .   next time ,  i'll just buy the item locally and pay a few extra dollars .   and by the way ,  don't even try to call amazon customer service at 800-201-7575 .   they can't do anything to resolve a problem and barely speak or understand english .   another great american company moving towards metiocracy ;  what a shame
surprisingly poor quality for a uniden phone .   volume is very low -- hard to hear caller .   don't waste your money .
also import a cd  ,  money down the drai
everyone has already covered the basics ,  so here's the highlights :the audio listening quality is poor ,  especially for 40mm drivers  ( which normally sound good with strong bass response )  .   this is due to the fact the speaker itself is far from the ear canal ,  since the outer padding contacts the side of the head instead of the actual speaker pad .the headphones are heavy ,  which means a large amount of pressure is required to hold them in position .   they slide very easily off the head ,  and apply a lot of downward force on the ears .   i have a big head ,  and even made some slight modifications that increase the pressure ,  now they don't slide off ,  but are uncomfortable for more than an hour of use .at first ,  the volume slider is stiff ,  but then becomes smooth .after 4 months of use ,  the mute switch is getting loose ,  i don't expect it to work 4 months from now .i really like the microphone portion of the headset ,  the angle is adjustable ,  and the volume is loud and clear .in the end ,  these headphones have a good microphone matched with very poor quality headphones .   next time ,  i'd grab the cheaper logitech headset ,  where they are nice and light and the speaker pads make contact with the ears ,  not some large outer pad
we bought a set of these phones because they looked nice ,  and because at&t is a reliable company .  but these phones are the worst .  after having them for about 3 weeks ,  we began having terrible results with the volume/speakers in the phones .  i took them back ,  and got a new set .  these lasted about twice as long ,  before the battery life just became worthless .  we are unable to leave these phones off the hook now for any extended period of time - say ,  1 hour .  and you can't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes or so before the battery dies out ,  and takes 6 hours or more to get back charged again .  and yes ,  we followed all the directions for letting the batteries charge ,  and all that kind of stuff .  still .  .  . i have never used a more frustrating phone ,  nor will i ever purchase an at&t phone again .  i bought a new phone today ,  and once fully charged ,  i will take these at&t phones out back and smash them with a hammer
maybe 2 1/2 stars .software and wireless setup for this card went fine ,  even great ,  and have continued to work for over 1 1/2 years now but  .   .   .here's the rub .seems the housing on the card that receives the threads of the antenna was not properly attached to the board .the antenna would not work properly - 0-50% signal strength from the access point in the next room when it wasn't falling off the back of my machine !  futzed with the thing getting half-*** performance with it for toooo long until  .   .   .had to remove board from computer ,  use plier to remove antenna from the recept and verry carefully place the card in a vice and use vice-grip/clamp tool to forcefully slide the 1/2 "  housing in place onto the board .did this once and it didn't seat far enough  ( antenna fell off )  and a couple weeks later had to repeat the process .apparently it needed to be pressed on even further and it actually snapped  ( securely  ?  )  the 2nd time after using more force that you might imagine on such a delicate device .it has worked as advertised since then  ( about a year now )  .there are other reviewers who have suffered from  " antenna drops off "  too .  be warned .when one pays extra  " for quality "  they should expect better than this .it's time again to add to my network and will try a different board  ( for half the price )  .
i agree with the previous review .   this phone cord worked twice .   now ,  it only retracts about half way ,  and keeps getting worse .   i'm returning it for a refund .   don't waste your time with this
after only having the cable for a week under very light usage ,  the cable stopped working intermittently .  it makes crackling noises when the cable is moved .  i am not talking about whipping or quick movement ,  just gentle movement of the cable causes crackling and loss of signal .  i was about to scrap the cable altogether but i decided to resolder the connector to see if that would help .  i cut off about half a foot of the cable and resoldered it ,  only to find that the same problem persisted .  i got a bad cable ,  obviously .  .
the card worked really well except for one little thing .  there is no way to enbale super g mode  ( you need it to connect at 108mbps )  .   without the most i could connect at was 54mbps .   the quick install guide and the manual said it's available ,  but it wasn't .   tech support was able to reproduce my problem ,  and tried many ,  many things .  even though they were very helpful ,  they coudln't fix it .my guess is that it's going to take a firmware upgrade to enable super g .   if you can wait for that ,  then you will be happy .   i returned mine ,  and bout a linksys wpc54gx
the card failed after 23 pictures .   amazon credited me with a full purchase price credit to my credit card account
ok .  i take my words back .  i found a solution to the connection problem with windows xp .  download a patch  ( 	windowsxp-kb884020-x86-enu . exe ,  solving wpa issues )  from microsoft ,  then everything goes as it should be .-------------------------------------i bought this usb adapter along with di-624 router for $99 .  the router works perfectly fine .  the usb adapter gave me so much trouble .  i used it to connect my desktop pc to wireless network .  it works when the network is not encrpted .  but it won't find an ip address under wpa security .  it searches ip address endlessly .  i have winxp sp2 which is supposed to support wireless flawlessly .  i think either this so-called 108m bps or the driver causing the trouble .  having seen others having problem with other brands of usb adapter ,  i think maybe for desktop ,  a wireless pci card is better
i bought this and found that if you like to burn your own cd's to play in it ,  it has a problem reading the tracks .   it sometimes spins up and doesn't play ,  and it always has a very audible noise on spin up and track find .   i usually wake to that sound before the music starts .   i am not a light sleeper .   this is my second one ,  and i've basically been using it for the radio wake function for the last few months .   do yourself a favor and find a different product
i loved this speaker system when i got it last year .   but in the last few months it developed a loud humming noise that makes it so you can not hear your music .   very disapointed
like other people here my lock spontaneously changed its combination on me .  .  .  . surprise !   my laptop is currently locked up at my desk at work which ruined my day and is ruining my night .   another stressor i do not need to deal with .  .  . do not get this lock if you value the mobility of your laptop over a theft deterrant
it states in the technical details that you can get 450 pictures from this cartridge .  this is not true .   after much discussion with hp ,  they finally admitted that it's only rated for 150 4 x 6 pictures .   my experience is that you actually get a little under 100 pictures from it .   if you're buying this cartridge ,  you've probably already bought the printer ,  but you should know before you buy the printer that you're going to go through a lot of expensive ink
this has got to be the worst camera out there .  i don't even think it's suitable for my 13 year old son .  the pictures come out horrible !  good thing it was purchase mainly with gift certificates .  i'm still sorry i wasted them on this piece of junk
this warranty is purchased through amazon ,  but it is actually distributed by another company .   when you search for tv warranties on amazon ,  you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same ,  but are different prices .   i called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was .   they told me that there is no difference between the $119 warranty and the $499 warranty ;  they cover the exact same thing .   the girl i spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference .   warranties are a tricky item to review ,  because it all looks good until you actually need it .   so ,  on this one ,  i suppose only time will tell .   the one difference between the amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the tv ;  but i figure if i need to replace the bulb within those four years i will still be saving $100 because i can get a new bulb for around $200 .
i am in the process of looking to return .   the seal is not so good ,  so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times .   in addition ,  the lamination has ridges in it .   it isn't a smoothe finish  ( and it isn't air pockets ?  ?
i got this mp3 at a black friday sale and i was absolutly thrilled with it .  .  . until the end broke off .  the end where the battery was broke off one day and wouldn't stay on .  i now have to hold it in place with rubber bands .  now ,  the player will constantly shut off whenever it moves the slightest bit .  the radio ,  however ( before it broke ) was great ,  the organization of the files was good and the mic worked okay if you talked straight into it .  overall ,  this was okay for the money i paid for it ,  but i wouldn't recommend this to anyone
this unit failed to provide reliable power to my new toshiba satellite a60 laptop .  it cycled on and off every 3 seconds .  it powered a 100 watt lamp okay ,  but wouldn't start a 250 watt heat lamp at all .  product spec sheet says it can supply 400 watt surge and 200 watts for 2 min .  ,  and is rated at 140 watts continuous .  my laptop power supply is rated at 2a input at 100-240 vac ,  and if it drew 2a constantly i agree that it would need 200 to 230 watts ,  which exceeds the continuous rating of this inverter .  however ,  even at that power demand the inverter should run it for 1-2 min .  ,  but only manages 3 sec .   in addition ,  i doubt that the laptop power supply actually draws a full 2 . 0 amps continuously .  i talked to linksys support ,  and they suggested returning the unit for replacement or refund ,  so i did .  it did not work for me .  maybe it would work for a laptop that only needs 100 watts ,  but i wouldn't recommend it for more than that
i bought these headphones based on the first couple of reviews i read here .   i should have read further ,  because about two weeks after i purchased the earphones ,  the left side went out completely .   there was nothing obvious on the outside of the unit and i didn't hear any  " rattling "  as described by other users .   the darn things just quit !   i must say ,  however ,  that the sound quality for those first two weeks was excellent ,  but all in all ,  not worth the money and frustration
i bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems .   i ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw .i wouldn't buy this again
i returned this product after a week - it was difficult to manage ,  the screen way too small to read  ( and i have 20/10 vision !  )  and just a very disappointing product overall .   do not waste your money .   i ended up buying a samsung and i couldn't be more happy
i have been charged however i did not get a copy of the policy to date .
i bought this monitor in june 2006 and at first was quite pleased with the nice display .  less than 6 months later ,  in november 2006 ,  i heard a strange noise while using the monitor and all of the sudden the screen went very bright -- like an overexposed photo .  i'm currently working with viewsonic to get it repaired  ( i must mail it to ca to be repaired ,  postage must be paid by me )  .  all in all a disappointment and a hassle .  next time i'll buy a name brand
my daughter really didn't use it that much but within about 5 weeks it started to fall apart .   the wood veneer on the base pulled up and splintered from tightening the strings to tune it .   a low price for a guitar but i don't think it's even worth this price .
the first card i received was defective .   even after formatting it in a camera ,  the image files could not be transferred to any of 3 computers with 2 different o/ses via usb cable to the camera or card reader .   i'm waiting on a replacement .   hope it works
i had a d-link usb adaptor before which was really good ,  but was old .   i upgraded to a wireless g linksys usb adaptor ,  but i was supplied with old goods  ( a linksys sales manager confirmed that )  ,  so i sent that back .   i thought i'd try d-link again .   bad move .   first ,  i tried to upgrade the drivers .   my current version was 1 . 0 . 5 . 0 .   i downloaded the version 1 . 12 from d-link's site .   after uninstalling and reinstalling  ( several times )  i still had 1 . 0 . 5 . 0 .   an hour and a half on the phone with d-link tech support and i still had 1 . 0 . 5 . 0 .   another hour on google ,  and i'm not the only one with this issue .   seems to be a version-control issue with d-link .   then ,  even more irritating ,  every time after i use my wired connection and go back to wireless i have to reinstall the drivers and reboot .   and re-enter all my security info again .    ( i believe this has something to do with using a different usb port from the last time ,  but whatever the reason ,  it's unacceptable )  .   this adaptor's going back too .   don't know what i'll try next .
i picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store .  but i get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums .  i'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound .  .  .  other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer .  since these are set up in my home office where i spend a lot of time reading ,  i find this humming far too distracting .  although the price is good ,  i'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer's constant hum .i'm returning these speakers today and will shop around for another set
i am totally stunned that this could be sold as ipod compatible .   nothing ,  absolutely nothing ,  works as you would intuitively think it would .   pause does not pause ,  forward arrow does not forward to the next track  ( just starts the same track over and over again )  ,  and heaven help you if you actually want to find a specific song or artist .   there is no way to actually speed through a menu - you have to advance one artist at a time .   this is fine if you love aaron neville but chances are you will be in a limb severing accident if you are trying to get to zz top .   i am taking this back tomorrow and demanding something that will allow me to control my ipod again from my ipod
these speakers were a major disappointment .   i have speakers that are about 5 years old ,  and wanted to replace them .   but these sony speakers were awful - the sound was tinny ,  the bass was almost non-existent ,  and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers .and these weren't even the  " cheap "  speakers - there were many sets that cost less than this .   if you care at all about the quality of the speakers ,  spend another $20-$30 and get a decent set .  .  .  don't buy these .  .
avoid this product at all costs !  !  !   i should've listened to the other reviews but noooo ,  i just had to see it for myself .   this product worked  ( barely )  for 2 weeks then just totally died .   in the short time that it worked ,  the sound quality was just horrible .   no matter what free channel you play it on .   i have a good 40 mile drive one way  ( not city or metropolitan driving )  and in that span ,  i'll have to switch channels between 3 to 5 times .kudos to amazon's hassle free return policy ,  i was able to return it and get the belkin tunebase fm which i highly recommend
their quality is cheap .  so do their price .  out of the 25 cds ,  atleast 8 of them failed .  the rest ,  okay .  i would suggest verbatim .  they are pretty good
i am an rpn devotee and have owned two other hps going back to the original 11c .  but this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally .   ( although you hear and feel the click ,  nothing happens )   also ,  the keys themselves may  " bust loose "  and start to wobble even after little use .  this is my third replacement in the last two years .  be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one .
the sound is really great ,  but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps  ( they come with 3 different sizes )  i used .  the design flaw makes them unusable for me
i have spent time with lynksys and dell ,  both of which say they have done all they can do ,   ( from their manuals )  .  because i have had to finish phone calls without without solving the problem ,  i call back and get conflicting oppinions .  .  . this keeps me coming back .  it still is not working ,   they have that in common .
i bought with lots of ilussion this this ipod ,  i put all my music in it and use it !  !  after a 5 months it stop working ,  it didn't charge the battery .  i took it to best buy where i bought it and they told me that it has  " external damage "  and didn' repair it .  i send it to apple service and return it without services because the same reason .  my ipod didn't have that damage ,  it has only a few scratches on the screen .  after lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it i would have to pay us$250 . 00 that is almost what it cost new .  terrible service from apple .  .  short live .  .  don't recommended .  now i'm looking for another option for mp3 player to buy .if you know one please let me know it .
if you got a crappy brand tv like the samsung the east meadow guy got ,  you might need a super-expensive cable like this to make the image quality acceptable ,  but if you have a namebrand tv like sony or sharp or philips or toshiba or panasonic ,  a $15 hdmi-dvi cable totally suffices .   this monster cable is no better than the $15 guy  ( also available on amazon ,  just search for  " hdmi dvi cable "  )  .   don't waste your money
gave it one star because there was no option for zero .  died after two days of use ,  would not turn on or reset .  previous zen nano ,  same thing after six months of use .  i guess that would be my last creative product
while spending hours trying to figure out how to set the alarm ,  i sometimes wonder what hater of humanity actual designed this thing
the jbl speakers worked fine for 3 weeks and all of a sudden ,  they quit .   in the future ,  i will buy this type of merchandise locally so that i have some recourse
this product is not for the heavy handedafter 2 weeks of use one of the slots was non functional because spring leaf to hold the card against the contacts some how managed to get bent into the path of the card ,  and seeing that the slot is for a flash card it is almost impossible to get any tool to fit to do any 'repairs' .on the bright side it did work with the stated flash types
microsoft has never failed to disappoint me ,   ( i suppose there is something to be said for consistency )  and this carries on that somewhat dubious tradition .  i bought this with a the mn-700 wireless router ,  and both worked fine for a couple weeks .  however ,  they both conspiratively proceeded to stop functioning .  this card was the most maddening of the pair ,  because it would find the wireless network every once in a while ,  yet refuse to connect .  i've tried every channel ,  and made sure its on infrastructure mode ,  but it still refuses to work .  i suppose i deserve it ,  though ,  expecting that a microsoft wireless card would connect to a microsoft wireless router with a microsoft operating system .  do yourself a favor and buy your wireless networking from a decent company that has some expertise in networking ,  like linksys or belkin .  whatever you do ,  give as little money as possible to this shoddy company
about 1 year after having this remote to go along with my phillips dvd player the remote conked out .  the buttons ,  while almost all  responsive ,  will not sync up with the systems anymore ,  and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct .  you get what you pay for ,  i suppose
can not get this thing to connect to my linksys wireless router .   problem is not that it doesn't see the linksys ,  the problem is that the v2 . 50 firmware in the wli-tx4-g54hp is _buggy_ .   if i try to enter a 10-digit hex key for 64-bit wep encryption-- it says i have to enter a 5-digit value .   this is the 2nd one i bought  ( i returned the first )  .   piece of junk ,  and _no_ support from the manufacturer
note :  i am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on .i purchased this product to use in conjunction with my sandisk ultra ii compact flash cards .   i thought that pc cards would be faster than usb 1 . 1 and 2 . 0 ,  but thats not the truth .whenever i try to upload files from my cf cards thru the pc card ,  it slows down the entire system .   i can't do other tasks while the card is uploading files since everything is acting sparatic and slow .i'll admit ,  the card is a bit faster in uploading files than usb 1 . 1 ,  but i can't do anything else on my computer while the card is working .   honestly ,  i would rather have a little bit slower performance with my usb 1 . 1 card reader and be able to work on my computer at the same time instead of having the card slow down my entire system .i believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card .   i've heard good praise for lexar's 32-bit pcmcia cards ,  but i have yet to try it out .   i'm sure it costs more money than this pc card or a usb card reader ,  though .  .  .all in all ,  i suggest getting a usb 2 . 0 compact flash reader over this product if you want to work on your computer at the same time as you are uploading files .otherwise ,  if your the kinda person who doesnt mind leaving the computer alone while the files are uploaded to your computer ,  this will work just fine for you
these speakers are unusable .  they give off horrible feedback even when there's not a cell phone or cordless phone in the room
one of the reasons i chose this mouse ,  was because apple recommended it as one that would offer true smooth scrolling .   it turns out that this mouse has the same click scroll as many others .   it jerks one line at a time  .  .  .  the clicking is quite loud i might add .   also ,  i have to set the tracking speed very low because the cursor jerks all over the screen if i don't .   sometimes just clicking on system preferences corrects the problem ,  but if i had it to do over ,  i'd buy something else
these earphones provide excellent sound for the money .  rich bass ,  sharp treble and tight sound isolation with the comfortable and adjustable rubber earpieces .however i experienced painful electric shocks in both ears if i put pressure on my eardrums ,  such as getting up from a chair .  and that was before i stood in the puddle of water .  just kididng .  shocks occured in first and sony-provided replacement pair .  they eventually replaced with an on-the-ear model .i have no problems with other sony headphones or earphones ,  i think the speaker membrane was positioned too close to my eardrums .  since there are on other comments about this issue ,  i'll assume its isolated ,  but beware of shocks on perhaps a smaller scale .
purchased the transmitter for my mp3 player .   reception is poor with constant static through my car radio .   the instructions  ( which you don't see until you have already purchased the product )  says antennas integrated into the window can have problems .   since that is the only purpose for this device ,  i don't understand why monster is selling a marginal product
i love bringing my ipod to parties and broadcasting it through the stereo ,  what use is this thing then ,  none !   thanks for making us spend so much money apple .   this type of stuff should be built into the ipod for $400 !  !
summary .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . good idea ,  very poor implementation .   good software and easy to use ,  major problem is reception of radio stations .   i live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception  ( even with a plug in antennae )
i had one that worked for a year that came with the original phone .  then ,  i just ordered this one from amazon and it worked for 30 days .  like other reviews you see here ,  people started not being able to hear me ,  but i could hear them .  so the microphone broke .  but ,  i called uniden tech support and they recommended i replace the battery on the phone for $37 .  so ,  i just ordered a new phone and tested the headset -- sure enough it wasn't the phone -- it was the headset .  a costly mistake .  i would not buy this headset again .  also ,  amazon has a 30 day return policy ,  so if it breaks ,  make sure you return it within that 30 days or you are stuck with it
several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite  ( l/r audio + video )  cable ,  or an s-video  ( multi-pinned plug )  .  almost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the tv uses different internal circuitry for each one .  virtually any s-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable ,  and any component  ( individual r-g-b video )  connection will be better than s-video .  cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it .  there may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another ,  but its almost always unnoticable
i have had this tv for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out ,  i called samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty .   they said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours .   72 hours later still no call ,  i again called samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and i would be called in 24 hours ,  still no call .   this was repeated 5 times and each time i asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area .fianlly after 6 calls ,  samsung referred me to another center .   i then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later .   day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem i described when i made the appointment i needed a new bulb  ( duh )  and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb .  i specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when i made the appointment .   why they didn't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment ,  i don't know .   i called samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order .   neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support .  my fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and i am back on the samsung support merry-go-round again .now i realize that even though the set does  ( did )  have a good picture etc ,  if you can't see it ,  it doesn't matter .  i now have a very expensive paperweight .  for me samsung support has been a black hole and i have yet to see any results after two weeks and no hope in sight for the near future .   what happens after the warranty is over and i have to pay for a new bulb every three months ?   if this sounds like i am not very happy with the situation that is the truth .   i am tired of samsung and the service centers being sorry for the problems and delays but then telling me there is nothing they can do at this point .   i agree ,  you solve the problem by doing the right thing the first time or the second time or third time etc i am hoping maybe the eighth time is the charm with my samsung experience .
using the component input on your tv can make a huge difference in picture quality ,  but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable .  save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones
i've had the x2 for roughly 14 months .  the x2 was used for watching movies  ( about once every 2 weeks )  and big sports event  ( ncaa/nfl finals .  .  etc )  .  the unit worked up to about 1200 hrs ,  then the lamp blew .  i was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out .good picture quality for the price  ( 799 )  but short lamp life  ( get extended warranty )  .  check other units first
a $10 cable does the same thing .   do not believe the hype .   monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it .   its digital ,  1s and 0s .   either it reads it or it doesnt .
i had to return two faulty dvd players .  one would freeze frame the picture and the audio would keep on playing .   the replacement dvd player kept saying  " wrong disc "  and was very very loud when it would actually play a disc .   i ended up having to search and find a different dvd player all together because they wouldn't replace the 2nd faulty product .    ( which was packaged inappropriately and possibly damaged in shipment )
i tried to use it in my dell x50 and it hardly worked ,  was too slow ,  too short range ,  you have to unplug and plug it bacl again and again .i other words ,  do not buy this if you have a dell x50 ,  you will just waste your money and time trying to make it work
i would love this keyboard except for the spacebar ,  which sticks very badly .  it installed easily-is sleek and comfortable-but is not usable for very long because of this glitch .  i'm starting to see more reviews on this spacebar problem-so it looks to be fairly common with this model .
these speakers do sound great but just like many others who have reviewed these speakers ,  they eventually just stop working .  it sounds like i was one of the lucky ones as mine lasted two years .  but i really didn't use them all that much and i don't blast the volumes .  when you spend this kind of many on a product it should at least last 5 years or so .  i've never had any other speaker brand just stop working on me before .  worse of all is to hear that klipsch is charging a lot of money to repair their faulty products  and that people had problems with them even after they were  " repaired "  .  well ,  i'm not wasting time and money on repairing them .  i'm just switching to logitech .  no more klipsch ever again for me .
bought this and plugged it in and backedup some files ,  went to transfer them to another computer and the drive was dead ,  i treid a few computers and no of them could regonize the drive .  i guess i have one of the many  " bad ones "  .  .
dissapointing .  the sping-loaded connectors at the back of the selector are not particularly strong ,  so thick or rigid cables under tension  ( e . g .  twisted at odd angles )  easily slip out .  the depth of the connectors is also not great ,  so wires cannot be inserted very far to compensate for the lack of traction .  connections might be better using monster cables' own angled gold pin connectors ,  but i didn't try those
this item is not described correctly .  this item is not for garmin c550 or any of the c line .  i had to returned it at my own expense .  amazon please correct the description of the item
this printer was fine until i changed cartridges and a contact was dirty .   now it won't quit printing alignment pages all the time .   i have about a million now ,  and its cost me a fortune in ink .   every 3 or 4 print jobs and i get another one .i've spent hours with technical support ,  who keep leading me through the same old song and dance ,  disconnect the usb cable ,  hit some buttons ,  print another page i don't need ,  and scan .   voila it works !   case finished .no it is not .the tech support people don't speak english and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base .hp would do better to hire native english speakers .   i'll never buy another hp printer .oh ,  they print fine ,  that is ,  if you want a million alignment pages
my company supplies these cordless headsets to its employees so i have alot of experience using headsets .   this is the latest upgrade and it is the worst unit i have ever used .   it works great for about 3 or 4 months on average .   after that ,  the voice unit stops working .   i can hear others speaking to me but no one can hear me .   i have gone through 4 of these units in 13 months and the longest lived unit lasted &lt ;  5 months .   one broke after &lt ;  2 months .   other colleagues have complained about the same thing happening with their units .   after the experiences i have had with this piece of junk ,  i would never buy anything from plantronics with my own money .   avoid this rubbish
this set lost color and picture quality over the few months that i owned it and then it just stopped working .   i'm going to buy something else and so should you
since i first wrote this review i discovered that the fault was not with the scanner but with my computer .   after formatting my computer i was able to install the scanner and software without any problems .   i am still learning to use it but so far i have decided not to return it .   it works well and i like it very much .   i apologize if my review has negatively effected anyone's choice
i bought it last april and i didnt realize that slide lock key was too weak ,  and now i try to write data but a message is about the data is secure  ( locked )
i was in the market to upgrade my printer and used amazon's reviews to decide on a canon mp530 .  it does a good job ,  but when i plug the usb cord into the printer ,  the connection to the internet drops every time .  i have to disconnect from the printer so i can get on-line .  recently i filled out a rather lengthy application on the internet and plugged in the usb cable so i could print .  that step caused the connection to drop and i got to reenter all the information .  i will be returning the canon mp530 and start my search for another all-in one printer
most reviews don't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall .  i just upgraded my cable connection to the new  ( up to )  30mbs plan and bought an fsv318v3 firewall to use with it .  without the firewall in place ,  i measured about 25mbs download speed .  when i installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer ,  download speed went down to 6 . 5mbs .  i also discovered that if the  " enable keyword blocking "  checkbox is enabled ,  the throughput went down to 5mbs ,  even if there were no keywords !this firewall is useless if you have a high-speed connection
the koss pro4aat headphones are quality headphones ,  but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv .   to get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about ,  you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp .   also ,  the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which doesn't breathe well ,  making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods .   i've read that leatherette pads are available ,  but so far haven't been able to find them .   the warranty alone is great ,  but i wouldn't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp
a while ago i purchased the same item ,  maybe a month ,  and i received what i paid for :  2 walkie talkies ,  2 rechargable batteries ,  and a charging base for the walkies .in this last purchase i thought i bought the same things ,  i even paid the same amount of money ,  but neither the batteries nor the charging came in the package .thank youhumberto gonzalezsan jose ,  costa ric
after purchasing my canon zr-90 this summer ,  and using the four pack of tdk tapes abc warehouse gave me with the camcorder ,  i went online and found these tapes and bought two ten packs due to the great price and the jvc name .they have only done one thing ,  clogged up my video head on the camcorder .   i videotape my sons basketball games for their coaches and it was only after the first couple of games and bad recordings that i got onto canon's website and realized my video head was clogged .   i purchased a head cleaner and the first tape after the cleaning taped great ,  but the next tape clogged my head up ,  so to use these tapes ,  i highly recommend you clean your video head after each use ,  which is not good for your video head on your camcorder
from day one ,  back in late august 2006 ,  i've had problems with this router--which i bought only because my isp wouldn't install an extra cable outlet in my apartment without written permission from my new landlord .  since i work from home ,  this wasn't an option at the time .  i'm not a tech guy ,  i don't care much for gadgets ,  but i'm not stupid either ,  and i couldn't even get this thing set up without calling support due to lack of documentation and the assumption that everyone buying this router uses some version of windows--i don't ,  i have an imac .  once set up ,  the router worked fine for about a month ,  and then i started experiencing connectivity issues .  i called support again and they figured out some issue with 'mac cloning' or some such ,  reset my static ip ,  and all was well for another week ,  when the same issue--losing connection with the router after 10-20 minutes online--arose again .  so i called support again ,  got a guy after 7 minutes ,  but he directed me to their website to download a firmware update ,  and then basically hung up on me .  unacceptable .  so i called back ,  sat on hold for 40+ minutes before being disconnected without ever speaking to anyone .  finally ,  after a third try ,  i got someone on the line and he got me to the firmware and helped me install it via their web interface ,  only for me to experience the same connectivity problem the very next day .  my isp is coming tuesday to install another outlet .  no documentation .  the install cd is configured for windows and wouldn't work in mac os x .  online help sucks .  the 800 support line sucks .  this product sucks .  do not buy it
i mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would protect my computer from being killed ,  but instead ,  this thing has killed my computer for the second time in 4 days ,  emitting an un-stoppable ( i . e .  ,  can't turn the feature off )  shriek alarm .  how do smart ,  talented people idiotically convince themselves that a home product should have an ear-piercing shriek-alarm that can't be defeated / silenced ?in addition to doing far ,  far more damage than it can ever prevent ,  ask yourself -- do you want this un-stoppable ear-piercing shriek alarm going off in your house at 2a . m .  ?  i bought one apc product ,  and so far ,  they're 100% defective and 100% deliterious to the use of my computer & it's a matter of time before it's deliterious to my sleep .
i had a terrible time getting a station to come in even close to fm quality .   there was always a bunch of static and the stereo buzzed between songs because i had to keep the volume too high .   the high band of frequencies seemed to work best ,  but then it led to crackling speakers everytime i turned something electrical on in the car .   it also seemed to kill batteries at a surprising rate .on a positive note ,  i loved the fact that it would also function for my son's dvd but in the end ,  it had way too much static so i hunted for anothe
i ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here .  big mistake .  upon setting everything up ,  it all worked great for about two hours .  .  .  then the dreaded  " unplug/protect "  screen came up .  now it won't turn on but for a few moments before returning to protect mode .   ( and no ,  it's not a short in the wires or overheating .  .  .  it protects even when stone cold ,  and with no speakers plugged in )  i called sony and they say it is a short in the box .  so now my two options are to unhook everything ,  repack exactly the way it came to me and reship back to the online store i bought it from  ( with enormous hastle and expense )  or take the receiver in to a sony authorized service center  ( which happens to be across town ,  and only open monday-friday ,  9-5pm .  so much for being convenient )  .  this thing is brand new and already needs repairs !  !on top of that ,  even out of the box ,  none of the video inputs worked .  audio was fine ,  but video was dead as a doornail ,  right from the start .and even on top of the fact that this machine came broken .  .  .  it sucks even when it works right !  the dvds take forever to load ,  and it comes with hdmi out ,  but no hdmi in !  so if you're an hdmi user ,  i hope you have multiple hdmi inputs on your television .  .  .  one for your cable box ,  one for this crappy system .this is a piece of junk .  for the love of god ,  don't waste your money
do not be deceived by the photo this thing is tiny .  if that is what you are looking very small low volume very portable i suppose it is ok but over price for what you get .  i think $30 . 00 would have been about right .  there is no bass response and for there size how could there be .  i am keeping them but only because they are so small they might come in handy for hotel use only !  the packaging is very cool but the fidelity is non existent
i recieved this unit 3 bussiness days after i ordered it .  fast shipping .to bad when i recieved it it only worked for 2 minutes !  !  !  sending back tomorrow ,  not sure if i want another one .  only comes with usb charger ,  no wall charger
i bought this print server back in december 2005 .  i used it with my all-in-one brother printer mfc-4800 .  the installation was easy .  it worked great .  .  .  .  .  . for 4 months .  then .  .  . then .  .  .  it just stoped working after 4 months .  i tried to disconnect and reconnect the power ,  ethernet cable etc .  .  . nothing helped .may be i just got a bad product
these were not recognizable by my sony dual layer burner .  .  .  maybe with more attempts and practice they will be
while the price of the 8 in 1 card reader is reasonable ,  consider this .   this card reader has a nasty habit of rendering smart media card useless .   evidently ,  if you cut and paste or delete data on the sm card using thee 8 in 1 card reader ,  the reader rewrites the signature file so that it cannot be read by the camera .   so that $24 card has the potential to cost you over $80 . 00 .   in addition ,  customer service is slow and i have had problems with the drivers
just purchased 3 units  ,  thought they would work as well as the novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range  .  my original novi 2 channel units worked well from a distance of approx 110 ft from house to barn  ,  these only work in the same room .  .  .  i am attempting to return these currently .
i use it for my zen microphoto and it does not work at all .   it has the lowest battery life ,  used it for twenty mintues and it started to get worse and worse .   there is no possible way of getting rid of the static unless you are the mp3 player below the transmitter ,  which is obviously dangerous while driving .   you can only tune it to four stations which are 88 . 1 ,  88 . 3 ,  88 . 5 and 88 . 7 which is absolutely pointless approach to an fm transmitter .   i seriously regret every buying this transmitter
obviously hp has a design flaw on the magenta cartridges .  i have also experienced leakage from only the magenta  ( why only this one ?
the panasonic cd player has a good sound quality ,  but does not automatically change from one cd to the next .  it requires manual switching via the remote control to change from one cd to another .  this feature was not explicitly stated in the specifications ,  and is misleading to a buyer who is seeking continuous playing of all five cd's
i like the hp 96 because it can be used in many hp printers that use the hp 98 ,   but its a better deal than the hp 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink .hp's ink cartridges provide excellent performance ,   but i think they are over priced
do not be fooled when the description says this stand holds up to 21&quot ;  monitors - that is only true for *flat-panel* monitors ,  not traditional crt monitors .   note that the weight rating says 50 pounds !   most standard 19&quot ;  monitors weigh 60 pounds or more .   i purchased this item at a staples near me ,  and brought it home to use with my 19&quot ;  crt .   after placing the monitor on the stand ,  the stand bobbed up and down and seemed as if it would completely bend at any moment
i agree with the viewer preceding me .  very tinny .  the ones i was using from my old computer sound 100% better .  these are a complete waste .  two stars because i do hear the music but it sounds awful
i am a huge logitech fan and buy their products in the truck load ,  unfortunately ,  this webcam is a dog with fleas .   the picture is blurry ,  the lighting is abmismal in low light and you can just get better performance from a less expensive web cam .   i am still a logitech fan ,  but you can get better performance from quickzoom
.  .  .  it's called a leash .  or a fence .  how about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way .i've been a volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter for 5 years ,  and i'm still amazed at the lack of guardianship people show for their pets .  so your dog has this $350-dollar doodad on its neck .  it's not going to keep it from running out into the street and getting hit by a car ,  or picked up by somebody who wants to use it for dog-fighting bait or sell it to a lab  ( yes ,  these things happen-- often )  .have some sense ,  people .  this is ridiculous .
i bought the ads upconverter because i bought a hdtv only to find out that my cable co .  didn't offer hdtv and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer hdtv  ( too many trees around my house )  .   i wasn't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing hdtv picture ,  but for $550+ i was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable .   when i first turned in on i asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought .   she looked at the tv and said okay i'm ready turn it on .   i said &quot ; it is on !  ! &quot ;  this is pretty much the reaction i had also when i looked at it .   the image i got for my digital cable was certianly different ,  but that's all it was ,  different .   it was not noticably better .   in fact ,  in some instances i though the picture was worse .   i called ads tech support and they kept insisting i try it with my dvd because that is what the product is best for  ( even though that's not what i got it for )  .   so i did and to be honest i really preferred the picture i got directly from my dvd over the picture i got after running it thru the upconverter .   it didn't matter what display format i put it in it just didn't do anything to improve the picture .   save your money .   if you can't get hdtv don't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing
i wanted to get something better than the standard earphones for my ipod .i saw some good reviews and this brand has been known always for great headphones .   bought these and was shocked at the terrible sound quality .   yes ,  the sound is clean ,  but too clean .   the highs are too high leading to tinny and over-brassy sound .   voices have too much hiss .   there is virtually no low end bass of any type .   very disappointing
overall the recorder worked ok .  a moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded dvds could not be finalized for unexplained reasons .however ,  that is irrelevant now .  a few weeks ago ,  the unit stop working .  i does not turn on at all .  what a waist !  it is out of warranty now
ok ,  so it protects the tx on a fall ,  however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks ,  rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own .replacing this with something like the boxwave . com hardcase ,  availab le from amazon
i had high hopes for this case when i bought it ,  but it just hasn't worked out .   the leather has a nice feel ,  and my ipaq fit snugly in it's slot .   however the stylus on my ipaq h2215 was impossible to get to without partially removing the ipaq from it's case .   this became so frustrating that i eventually discontinued using this case .it does have three slots for credit cards ,  and a larger slot that you could tuck a few folded dollar bills or business cards in .maybe a different model of ipaq would work better ,  but it hasn't been a good fit for me
connects to your microsoft pocket pc and will not work with a palm .   if you mistakenly order ,  amazon . com will not refund your shipping .   have a nice day
i bought the cruzer micro not knowing that it came with the u3 launch pad software preloaded .  as soon as i tried to use it on my computer at work ,  the company's anti-virus/firewall decided it was an intruder ,  preventing it from working at all .  i was ticked .  .  .  i had almost given up on it and was actually shopping around for another usb drive that had no software on it ,  when i ran into a website that lets you download an uninstaller for the u3 launch pad .  i downloaded it ,  ran it and it took no more than 15 seconds to clean out the offending u3 garbage !  now i like my micro cruzer all over again !  oh yeah .  .  .  the website to uninstall yours at is :   [  .  .  .
i had this adapter running in my the cardbus slot of my windows 98 computer and it ran fine .  i installed it on my windows 2000 laptop .  well ,  my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when i installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by microsoft .  so ,  imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got blue screen of death  ( bsod )  crashes .  big blue screen ,  loss of data ,  computer freezes tight ,  power button inoperative ,  and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer ,  well ,  we all know that's when you're in computer hell .i'm a microsoft certified professional so i was able to narrow down the source of the problem .  after definitely identifying the fa511 as the culprit ,  i contacted netgear's online  tech support .  and that's when things really started to get ugly .it took forever for netgear to finally give me an answer .  this was after days of inactivity ,  wildly inappropriate responses ,  and repeatedly requesting same information from me .finally ,  netgear escalated the problem to their next level of tech support and i was shocked to read their solution :   " this is a windows issue regarding permissions and ***16 bit*** compatibility mode "  while they were vague as to the exact nature of the problem ,  and contradicted themselves as to whether compatibility mode had to be enabled or disabled ,  their solution was straightforward :  i was directed to a microsoft knowledge base article which tells you how to enable compatibility mode - and for 16-bit compatibility mode i had to make my nice clean windows 2000 computer compatible with windows 95  ( yes ,  ninety-five )  .so ,  while the fa511 hardware is a 32-bit cardbus adapter ,  apparently their drivers are 16-bit !  !  !  no wonder the fa511 was never certified for windows 2000 .  and i wouldn't trust it for windows xp either .there are other ethernet adapters out there by 3com ,  belkin ,  linksys ,  smc ,  and xircom that work flawlessly with windows 2000/xp by companies that will respond to your questions .  go get them .  avoid the fa511
this would be a great product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long .   it has a horrible smell that just will not go away .   i saw others mention the same issue but thought i would give it a try .   it smells .other than that ,  the comfort is great .   but i gave it 2 weeks to air out and the smell will not go away .   i would suggest you don't buy this is you have a sensitive nose .   it kinda smells like those squishy foam beds and slippers you see at brookstone
we travel quite a bit ,  both business and pleasure ,  domestic and international .  .  .  so the idea of a pocket wireless router was a god send .   we bought this one at the beginning of our annual leave  ( aka tour the us in a month )  .   we'd heard good things about the d-link but with the rebates ,  this one was practically free .  .  .  .  there was a reason it's always on sale .it took forever to set up .   the old firmware is buggy ,  the new firmware is difficult and touchy to install .   the router itself does not seem to be compatible with most personal cable/dsl modems .   out of the eight houses we were in ,  it would only work with one ,  although it appeared to connect with several others .   it did work with the ethernet connection of about 70% of the hotels .  .  .  but that's not a great average .   it also gets very very hot and than will quit working until it cools down again .   frustrating .after the first week we went out and got the pocket d-link .  .  excellent- plug it in and it works everywhere :  personal homes ,  questionable modems ,  hotels ,  etc .  .  .  we have used it from alabama to bangkok and everywhere in between .   it's also about half the size of the netgear .   save the hassle and get it first ..  .  .  also a tip ,  pick up a little usb wi-fi adaptor with your router .   you will find that many people without a wireless router already ,  will only have a desktop ,  and you will need to make it  " wireless "  as you will be connecting their modem to your router .
this thing looks great - but it still has tracking problems as these cheap units tend to .  do yourself a favor and buy the cyber home - it's the only cheaper unit that seems to have some quality to it
the charger is very convenient .   power related to ad/dc is extremely useful .   high-tech design and features .   sucking and blowing power does not measure up to the price .   it has an extremely disappointing performance .   it feels like a child toy rather than a useful tool for a personal computer or laptop .   will not recommend anyone to purchase this item due to the lack of performance
and the worst part is that i'm actually glad about it !i bought this set to replace a  [  .  .  .  ] logitech wireless mouse/keyboard combo that was about 3 years old when the mouse scroll wheel stopped working .i figured i'd treat myself to what looked like the best wireless set out there .   here's what i found :1 )  the keyboard is huge .   i have dell 19 "  flat panel and the keyboard looks ridiculous in front of it .2 )  even though the usb dongle is plugged in the dell monitor about 1 foot from the mouse/keyboard it still loses its connection and i get the message  " usb device has malfunctioned .  "   i have to remove and replace the dongle and it starts again .   this happens a couple of times a week ,  but of course at the most inconvenient times .3 )  the keyboard goes to sleep like the mouse after a few minutes to save battery life .   the mouse will wake up after a slight delay and i'm used to that but i can't tell you how many times i pressed  " ctrl-c "  to copy something into the buffer and then discovered that it didn't  " take "  because the keyboard was asleep .   the keyboard should never go to sleep or this  " feature "  should have a way to be disabled !4 )  the keyboard died  ( stopped responding )  at less than 6 months old .   i still use the mouse but dug out an ancient dell quietkey wired keyboard .   frankly i don't miss the behemoth ms monster at all ,  at least the old keyboard doesn't take up the whole desk and when i hit ctrl-c it works every time .microsoft has made some good keyboards and mice ,  but this set is not one of them .   buyer beware .
these are extremely uncomfortable .   it's too tight and will hurt the ears .   however ,  if you're head is small enough ,  perhaps it might be okay .   on the bright side ,  they sound extremely well
though the concept is great ,  and the controls are straight forward and easy to use ,  the belkin reader falls short of usability .while out on a location ,  i was away from a power source and thought the belkin reader would be a great alternative to lugging a laptop around for file transfers .  trying to transfer 1000 pics off a 1gb cf card wasimpossible .  the reader would drain a fully charged ipod and still not finish the transfer .  though it claims firewire transfer speeds ,  i did some tests from home and found otherwise :100 compressed 2k pics transferred via :usb1 card reader to computer 1 min 20 sec .pcmcia card reader in laptop 45 seconds .belkin media reader 6 min .  45 secthis was just a simple example .  you can see how hundreds of files would take 30 minutes or more .  for the price ,  i'd suggest buying a few more memory cards and not worry about the transfers until you get home ,  unless you're in no rush and can charge up the ipod regularly
too much static with snapping and popping - even after making all of the adjustments possible .  the speakers are only 10 feet away from the transmitter but still poor-to-marginal sound quality .  don't see how these could work 300 feet away (  ?  )  i do not recommend this product
after 3 hours of banging my head against a wall i finally called tech support .   they finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers .   you can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it
i originally purchased the unit during the winter because of a sale ,  but i didn't install it until the beginning of july for our cross country trip from oregon to wash .  dc .  during the trip ,  there was quite a bit of interuption from hillsides and tall trees in the pacific northwest .  i kind of wondered how well the reception would work in the city .  once i got out of the nw ,  i had no problems picking up a signal unless i was in a long tunnel or deep valley .i did notice the unit did get hot during the trip and i think that is why it is acting the way it is now  ( two months later )  .it works fine when first turned on ,  but after 15 minutes ,  the signal flutuates and at times ,  no signal is received .  the tech support said that i needed to check the wires ,  but since it is 'recently' installed and it doesn't happen when first turned on ,  i'm ruling it a receiver problem .the unit is placed just below the radio head and has been exposed to direct sunlight when parked .  i'm sure it didn't help .i'm currently looking for a better unit and xm said they would transfer the remainder of the account to the new radio without inducing an activation charge .
while convenient and a nice ,  lightweight unit ,  the voice pickup is very poor ,  regardless of how you adjust the set .   this is not only with the set i have used ,  but with others i have talked to - you can tell if the person on the other end of the phone is using one of these units because they are so faint .   i've gotten so i just ask if they're using a plantronics cs50 when they are faint and the answer is invariably  " yes "  .   also ,  if you are in a building with a lot of exposed metal  ( window/door frames ,  high cubicles with lots of metal )  ,  the range deteriorates significantly
i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33 ,  and they clogged my heads in about 10min .  of recording .the camera has worked fine for about two years now ,  and it's the first time i use other than sony .  this camera went to the sony service center for a full cleaning/service about two months ago ,  and worked perfectly fine until i tried these tapes .i read somewhere that the tapes have a surface compound that lubricates the head ,  and that it is incompatible between brands ,  clogging the tape head when the different compounds mix in it .  i didn't believe it then ,  and stil not .according to that ,  maybe they are fine and you only have to stick with the brand .  and i'll do ,  but another one
the phone worked for a month or two ,  and then the handset stopped seeing the base .  when i followed the instructions in the manual to fix this  ( re-register the handset to the base )  ,  neither could see each other .the base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone ,  but that is useless to me since i need the handset .when i contacted uniden through their email support ,  i got no response .i will be buying another phone that is not a uniden
ordered for my hp4705 .  this is not a bluetooth keyboard .  they sent two of them both the same non-bluetooth item .  now i have to send back and hope i get credit
i've got an engineering degree in computer science .   i've been supporting multi-million dollar web applications for years .   it took me 4 hours to get this device to sync properly with the rhapsody music subscription service that it is promoted for .   there is no way a normal person is going to be able to get it to function in any capacity except as a straight mp3 player .it's not ipod caliber quality ,  the only reason you'd get it is for the rhapsody service .   if you are not highly technical and patient ,  move on !player itself works fine
i purchased this armband to hold my nano during workouts .   the band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training .   looking for a replacement right now
ok ,  after reading the multiple good reviews on amazon i persuaded myself to buy these speakers thinking some people were just pessimistic .  ok ,  i got these and immediately put a pair of batteries in .  these things sound absolutely awful ,  it goes about the volume of someone quietly talking and the sound is distorted and fuzzy ,  forget about any bass .  absolutely do not buy these things .  oh yeah ,  whoever has been rating these things as good must be working for sony or something cu these things are terribl
it was horrible ,  soon as i plug the speakers in it was making a constant noise ,  really annoying ,  the speakers were junk ,  worst purchase i've ever made from amazon .  i would've returned them but i didn't want to go through the trouble of sending it back .  so i just smashed them and went to best buy and got new ones .  i know it was a cheap speaker ,  but hell it should atleast work properly .  talk about trash
i bought this so called  " stereo "  system at a big lot's store for about $40 . 00 .  i figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal ,  and it looked very cool too .  it worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out .  it never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players .  it looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster .  i can't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap .  i will never buy anything from them again
i really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief .  if you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages .  i have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again .  this is absolutely unexceptible logitech !  what happened to logitech ?  you used to be able to count on them for quality products now i am wondering if i should switch back to micro$oft products .  i may give the micro$oft laser mouse 6000 a try and take the mx 400 back
my brother got a lexar for christmas .   he put it in his tungsten c and for 30 stressful minutes the card did not work .   the device recognized the card ,  but you could not copy ,  format ,  nothing .  .  .  just got an error &quot ; this card is read only and cannot be &lt ; whatever&gt ;  . &quot ;   then all of a sudden it started working .   2 stars for the stress and for the fear that it will stop working again
this music player was decent :  nice look ,  controls ,  and sound .  there are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive .  there are really good things about this unit ;  however ,  the faults are just too great ;  thus ,  superseding the great features .however ,  the reaction to your key pushes ,  and file search are way too slow .  the software is pretty nice ,  but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too .  that gets very annoying .  for example ,  i just want the file to be named as is ,  with no tags ,  but the zen software will add tags no matter what ,  even if it has to put in the word  " unknown "  .  it also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover .  the worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked !it was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged ,  but i switched it up and found out that it was the zen .  then i read online ,  and what do you know -- it's consensus ,  the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem .  some people even found some fixes ,  and i've tried them ,  but to no avail .  but then again ,  why do i have to fix a fairly new product ?if you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player ,  you don't want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless !i'd give it at least three stars as i was quite satisfied with it ,  but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
got it and plugged it into my ipod and there was a major incompatibility .   the screen showed up that their was a voice recorder in the ipod but when i went to record i received an error message that the ipod could not locate a microphone .   perhaps an ipod problem ?   the ipod is a 4th generation 40 gig that is fully updated .   i think belkin needs to engineer the recorders to work with all the new ipods ,  with the exception of the minis .   have not been able to resolve the issue .  i am sure ipod will state that it is a belkin problem and that belkin will throw the ball back to ipod ?  ?  ?  ?
i bought this product from kb electronics .because of this product ,  my digital camera stopped working .on giving a bad review to this product ,  kb electronics offered me 10% discount on my next product .  so ,  i told them that i would give a good review to them if they can repair my camera .  at this they went silent .  so ,  basically this means that they would try to make someone silent with a few dollars ,  but if they have to fix their problems ,  then they would forget all morals and turn dumb .i don't know about the current company ,  but beware of the same thing happening to you guys .  it is possible that kb electronics has started selling the same product by the name of its sister concern - businesses do this all the time
i also was suckered in by the monster name .  i have an older sony adapter that i've used in the past with no problems but couldn't locate it right before a road-trip ,  so i bought this one also .  this actually sounds substantially worse than my actual cassettes  ( even though they're all over 10 years old )  .the sound is hiss-filled ,  very poor signal-to-noise ratio .stay well away
sorry ,  the speakers don't attach well ,  and the quality of these stands is not what i'm used to with a bose system
these were expensive .  .  .  .  .these are a p .  o .  s .if you dont know what pos is google it ,  because i cant say it on amazon .  basically ,  the layer has an offset .  the layers do not match in position .  this will give you crc errors if you have a file which is directly on a layer break ,  or at the end of the disk .  do not buy ,  i repeat ,  do not buy .im not sure why memorex hasnt recalled their crummy product
i was very disappointed with the ge superadio  3  i owned a  superadio2 10 years ago which was far superior my advice save your money  i had trouble with stations less than 90 miles away this radio is very overated . piossibly poor quality control
i purchased the zen nano four months ago .   it was working then total system failure .   at first i thought the battery was dead ,  but a new battery didn't help .   the screen would flash on and then off .   it will not boot up .   plugging it into the computer did no good ,  it could not be reconized or accessed .   it goes in the trash .   in addition when it was working the shuffle mode would only play some of the songs stored .   also ,  the output volumn was to low .   i would use it while riding my bike and it needs to be loud enough to hear it over the road noise ,  it wasn't up to the task .   now it is landfill
i like this style of headphone radio  ( especially when i jog )  ,  and haven't found any similar models that i like .  this is my third purchase of this radio .   each of the three have had problems .   first died completely  ( although it was used a lot )  .   second still works ,  but last number doesn't show up on digital display .   i wanted a backup in case second died ,  so i ordered another one .   this third works least well of all .   at times ,  entire display is off ,  radio doesn't work at all ,  or it won't change channels .   then other times it worked .  seems like might be affected by heat outside .  however ,  i know have another persistent problem .   that being ,  it won't let me program the preset stations .   again ,  i'm limited in my choices ,  and i use this type headphone a lot .   so i suffer through poor quality
mine actually works and i still hate it .i haven't had all the problems others are complaining about .---i run windows xp sp2 had no problems compatability .---signal strength is fine .---i had no problem installing on one computer .  .  .  . except that i installed the card before running the cd ,  just like every other card or peripheral i have ever installed .   i've never seen one that didn't allow you to install hardware before drivers .   so i had to take it out ,  run cd and put back in .   just a minor annoyance that cost 10 minutes .   but c'mon linksys why the special order ?   most people that are willing to open the computer and install a card don't need instructions to know  " take card and put in slot "  and  " insert disc "  ,  so they don't look at them .   at least they put a warning sticker about the installation order on the disk cover for us non-direction readers .   annoying but no stars deducted for this .---told mom to buy one  ( this was before i had installed mine )  .  installed easy and it worked fine at first .   now it connects to router but can't find internet  ( yes other computers connect to net through this router just fine )  .   would think maybe firewall setting issue ?  ?  ?  but i used to work then just stopped .   c'mon linksys if your connected to the router how hard it is to find the internet .   deduct 1 star .---stupid software only supports hexidecimal passwords .   of course my router also support standard alphabet and my password had some g-z letters ,  so i had go change network password and update all devices attached to the network .   c'mon linksys how hard it is to support a-z .  annoying but no stars deducted .---slow slow slow slow to connect !  !  !  !   on my other computers you hit connect and are online in 5-10 seconds .   this thing takes 30 seconds to a minute .  impatient ,  yes .   but still unacceptable .   deduct 1 star .---can't hibernate or sleep computer or card disables .   only way to get it turned on again is to reboot .   so it's either leave computer on all day long ,  or reboot everytime i want go online .   deduct 1 stars .--overall bad product .   deduct one star
it's a nice look ,  but it tips over very easily .  it is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows .  my advice is if you need a cd rack that holds a lot of cd's ?  save your money and invest in something nicer and more sturdy
someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well .  it may be the highs all i know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around .now i may have gotten a lemon but the sound is poor .  volume cranked to high on any device i put this on comes out low at best .  put in any other set of earphones and it is painfully loud .the little inline triangle that has the on/off switch is cumbersome and is at a strange distance from the earphones .  just seems to far from the earphones or not far enough .  just doesn't seem to clip naturally anywhere .  either to much cord or not enough .i am not a music or sound expert by any means so it does not bode well that i think these earphones are poor at best
i'm the consumer of sandisk usb flash drives .  i have used couple of sandisk flash drives  ( i . e .  512mb mini ,  256mb mini )  before i bought this product .performance wise this particular product is not doing good .  it's taking long time to copy files from my computers .  even it's taking long time to delete files from this disk .  so i returned to amazon and looking for mini products from sandisk .i doubt all the micro products which is having capacity more than 512mb .  now i'm planning to buy 512mb or 1gb sandisk mini usb flash drive .better buy some good one than wasting your time on this product
short cord cannot be replaced ,  so don't bother with this phone unless you can sit right by it to chat .
be aware ,  the belkin f8z063-blk tunebase fm for ipod nano is not compatible with the 2nd generation nano .   i am returning mine to amazon ,  and buy a compatible one from the apple store
so when i first got the ihome for christmas ,  i loved it .  well ,  i loved it in spite of the glaring bright light ,  that even at its lowest setting has to be blocked for me to get to sleep .  however ,  after awhile the ihome will not register my ipods existence at all .  today i was able to enjoy thirty seconds of a song before it fell into disgrace again .  i would not recommend this product if you want something that lasts .  this device has become nothing more than a nuisance that won't even pick up radio stations .  so ,  the alarm can only be set to a vaguely annoying beep when these functions are disabled .  useless
i hate this contraption and i stupidly let 30 days pass before i realized how much i hate it .  now i start every morning with a  " boy i hate this thing .  "   why ?  well here are few reasons why :  you cannot read the numbers unless you are within 18 "  and to get a backlight you must depress  " any button " ---not a bad idea but horribly executed .   the backlight lasts four seconds--way too fast in the night and  " any button "  is a lie because you can't press  " stop "  nor the  " on "  for radio or cd without starting a whole other process which you then ,  in the dark ,  have to figure out how to terminate .   the cd player spends more time  " reading "  your cd than it does playing it .   the  " tuner/band "  button is very sensitive and lord knows what you will wake up to ,  the screech of a not tuned in am station happens way too often .   the worst of it all was i called eton to tell them how much i hated it ,  just thought they might want to know .  i had a friendly conversation with a very nice receptionist who assured me they wanted me to be happy and would do something ,  but first she wanted me to talk to the engineer/designer .   so i waited a week for him to return my call and he was quite rude saying if there is nothing wrong with it  ( everything is wrong ,  but they don't count that )  there is nothing they can do .   he offered to trade mine for a different one just the same and i said  " why bother .  "   it was a classic story of  " i made it so it is by definition without errors--now leave me alone , just buy it and be thrilled with my brilliant design
i got this from jnr  .  this unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it .  i tried this on multiple computers .  may be this was just a lemon .  i will exchange it to a better brand
no way am i purchasing this for my ipod .  i would love to be able to charge my ipod away from my imac ,  but i refuse to purchase this .  this should of been included in the box .  it is a tremendous ripoff to buy an ac adapter seprately  ( and at $30 )  ,  but then again ,  i'm sure apple is making a ton off of this gimic ,  but i refuse to contribute .  i can see not including a dock ,  a/v cables ,  etc ,  as those aren't   essential ipod accessories .  but an ac adapter ?  come on .  bad apple .  bad !on the plus side ,  this ac adapter is smaller and comes with an ipod to charger  ( or ipod to computer )  cable ,  which the previous model did not include .  it's still a ripoff ,  though
i contacted d-link support and they verified that this product was tested and worked with a very minimum number of popular usb printers  ( i believe the number was around 30-40 )  .the d-link dp-g321 wireless print server did not work with any of the 3 usb printers i owned  ( lexmark z320 ,  hp psc 1250 ,  hp photosmart 7310 )  .  it worked okay with my one parallel hp laserjet 1100 and i was able to connect it to my network and install the print server ,  but it was not at all compatible with my printers which was key .  it this product was more compatible ,  i would have rated it 4 stars ,  because the installation was very easy and almost worry-free ,  plus it was very sensitive to the wireless radio waves i . e .  it sensed my secured wireless network when other print server could not in that same location .i returned the d-link and bought instead a linksys wps54gu2 print server that worked with all of my printers ,  but it was not as sensitive as the d-link dp-g321 ,  so i had to move my printers and print server closer to my wireless access point
we bought three creative players .   my husband and i have the zen micro and my daughter the zen 20gb .   all three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year .   i didn't even use mine but maybe two hours per week .   good thing my daughter's was within her one year period by a couple of days .  she still had to pay $25 . 00  now my husband and i have to just junk ours and buy something else .   customer service is awful !  !   they won't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times .   what a piece of garbage !  !
i've been using my befw11s4 for a few months now .  the little thing has its good points - a nice ,  unobtrusive little box i can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture ,  allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access ,  while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection .sounds nice ,  if it only worked .  howver ,  befw11s4 has a major problem ,  and a rather common one at that .  specifically ,  it locks up .  it does so frequently .  i have to unplug the router at least once a day ,  and frequently twice ,  to deal with it locking up .  can't even access the administrator screen ,  and even hitting the reset button isn't enough to fix it .  wireless isn't too useful when you have to physically walk to the unit multiple times a day ,  is it ?the problem seems to lie not in the hardware ,  but in the firmware  ( the software that runs on the router )  .  if linksys would release reliable firmware for this router ,  i'd give it 4-5 stars .  but until they resolve the issue that wires down their wireless modem ,  i can't possibly justify giving the befw11s4 more then two stars
i was really happy with the mouse for all of 10 minutes .the scroll wheel is really  " push happy "  such that when i roll the wheel ,  the middle button registers a  " click "  very often .  in order to prevent the inadvertant click ,  i have to roll the wheel with the lightest of light touches .  it's significantly more senstive than my older logitech wheel ,  and was really really annoying to have the browser repeatedly register the middle button  ( which is unix is the default  " paste "  so i'd have pages and pages of text that i  " selected "  be pasted on to the browser or editor while what i really wanted was just to scroll the buffer !  !  !too bad ,  the mouse was really high quality overall .
my wife bought this as a gift for me ,  thinking that it included an fm tuner .  for ten dollars more ,  she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does  ( it is essentially a $35 car charger )  plus the tuner .   if you want to use this product to actually listen to your ipod in your car ,  you'll need to purchase yet another device :  either the cassette adapter  ( old school !  part f8v366-apl )  or the fm transmitter  ( part f8v367-apl )  .   either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit .   the fm transmitter is another $40  ( you're now $20-30 over what the monster icarplay ,  which does all of the above ,  would have cost you )  .  .  . and ,  surprise !   the transmitter takes aaa batteries !   there's no way to power the transmitter through the auto kit .   to power the fm transmitter without batteries ,  you must purchase yet a third accessory ,  the  " mobile power cord for ipod "   ( f8v7067-apl ,  just $15 !  )  .  .  . except your car's power plug is occupied by the auto kit ,  so you'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that .are we having fun yet ?   i'm not ,  and am wishing i'd skipped all this nonsense and just purchased the icarplay in the first place
what a disappointment that what i thought was a reputable company makes such an unreliable product .   after about a years time ,  my lacie drive started clicking .   and then ,  no data .   it completely failed .   i too made the mistake of trusting this drive and didn't back it up .   i am sick about what i've lost .   i've emailed lacie about the failure and have not received a reply .   beware of lacie external drives
i was not able to get this card working with my win2k laptop .  i'm no novice ,  have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem ,  and have had a friend's netgear card working in the same system .  i called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back ,  which i did .  however ,  i had the same problem with the replacement card .  so ,  i can't recommend this product
paid $34 at best buy for a cable that doesn't even work .have always been skeptical of monster cable price points ,  don't buy them ,  took a chance .as a matter of principle ,  this product sucks .    ( for $34 ,  i'm waiving the  " bad apple in every bunch .  .  .  "  rebuttal
i had a very poor experience with the microsoft media center infrared keyboard and i wanted to replace it with a bluetooth solution that would - i thought - get rid of all connection problems .i was wrong .  the hardware is very nice but the software keeps on dropping connections .as usual ,  i was very careful :  i always read manuals and properly install the software before using any product - i don't want to fail the installation for a very simple reason :  the package doesn't come cheap .  .  .  i am a software developer - i have half a dozen computers at home - and i did everything as instructed .  i found the software to be very average in terms of usability  ( why do they try to do all these fancy effects ?  ?  )  ,  but that's not very important when it works fine .unfortunately ,  after just a couple of days ,  the keyboard stopped working .  i finally managed to get it back by removing the batteries and rebooting the computer  ( both step were required - the on/off switch didn't work - same thing for the connect button which is totally ineffective )  .  now ,  the mouse keeps on dropping connections .  after a couple of hours of inactivity ,  the mouse simply stops responding .this is simply unacceptable .  logitech knows that this product doesn't work and keeps on charging customers for something that is simply not usable because it wasn't tested properly .it is a very frustrating experience because the hardware is great .  don't buy this product ,  you could be very disappointed .note that i have seen another installation done by professional windows system administrators that had the exact same problems .now don't get me wrong :  the hardware is very nice .  i would highly recommend the logitech vx revolution cordless laser mouse for notebookswhich is great and had none of the issues i have mentioned there
stay away from vonage !   after more than 1 month ,  still don't have phone number transferred .   can't get thru to customer service .  .  . very long wait .   paying 2 phone bills .  .  . so much for saving cost and so-called service .   called to cancel service ,  and customer service rep promised to put account/billing on hold until phone number transfer is done .  .  . finally something positive from customer service department
i ordered the passport x50 from amazon to save the $18 shipping escort radar was charging .  i was told by someone at escort radar that amazon was an authorized reseller .after having my detector on for ten minutes  ( right out of the box )  ,  it did three  " self cal " s ,  then said  " service required "  .  i called escort radar and was told  " if you let the car power up the unit when you start the car ,  the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused .  you must first start the car ,  and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector .  "  it makes some sense ,  but if this is really the case ,  why don't they put those instructions in their manual ?  after trying this many times ,  the unit was  " still confused "  ,  so i returned it for a replacement .my second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened .  this time escort radar told me  " if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night ,  this has been found to cause problems .  "  well my lighter power goes off when i turn off the ignition ,  so this doesn't apply .  escort radar also told me that  " excessive heat "  has been causing them problems .  now we have had a few days of 100 heat ,  and i'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun ,  but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car .  it gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country .  there are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car .  you wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35 ,  would you ?  ?  ?the most troubling part of my conversation with escort radar service department was they told me amazon is not an authorized reseller ,  and they have no idea where they are getting the units from .  furthermore ,  they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit ,  not even for money .
powder from the toner cartridges get all over the inside of the printer and then ruins every page that is printed .   every page that is printed from my printer has a greyish color due to the powder dirt inside .   it is impossible to clean it since the powder is everywhere .   the only way to get it clean would be to bring it to a car wash  ( obviously this would leave the printer with bigger problems than page color )  .   what a waste of money !  !  !   good thing my office bought it and not me or i would be furious
i know that everyone else seems to love this ,  so perhaps my complaint is more about apple in general .  my ipod mini  ( pink ) is a lemon .  the battery has never worked properly .  it takes longer to charge than to discharge ,  and my current playing time per charge  ( no changing settings ,  not backlighting ,  nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies )  is about 2 hours .  apple will gladly sell me a new  ( $70 )  battery ,  but other than that tough .  it is apparently my fault thet they're selling shoddy products .  i'm not saying don't buy it .  there aren't realistically any better choices out there than the ipod ,  but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you .  as for me ,  i think i'm going to dig out my old discman
i was never happy with this product .   the picture always had a green tint and would not adjust out .   after less than a year the tube blew out .
i'm mad .   i bought this one to replace my old one .   this one and the other one are doing the samething .   i had a chat with an hp service helper and they determined that it was broke .   their customer service is top notch thought !   they are sending me a new one for free and apearently i get to keep the ink cartidges for free because of my troubles
was a little hard putting it together .   you have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart .   i am not happy with this product
i bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single hub and standard .setting up the set was easy enough in windows ,  but i immediately found that the mouse did not work well at all .   the cursor would move in increments of around 10 pixels at a time .   i even put the bluetooth adapter on a usb extension cord and placed it within inches of the mouse ,  but that didn't help at all .the keyboard seemed to work well ,  but i didn't use it for very long because the mouse was unbearable to use .   i have several wireless networks in my area ,  which may be causing interference with the bluetooh though
install went smooth on my w2k/dell inspiron notebook .  everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped .  worked with customer support for about an hour getting nowhere .  this thing is junk .  i'm sending it back
i just cam from las vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn't allow for more photos after only using 40mb .  i have tried to format the disk using the camera and through windows xp .  it doesn't allow it to be formatted .  bad investment !  !  !  would not recommend the product unless there is a way i can get a refund or an exchange
this adapter will not work at all with windows xp sp2 - despite any promises from the linksys website ,  this cannot be setup - buy the anycom adapter instead
don't get me wrong ,  this is a pretty clever gadget .  however ,  it's mising one thing in terms of usability :  an on/off switch .  this really limits the usability of both ,  since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment ,  or the laser pointer on for a moment .  i can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation ,  since it'd either be on all the time ,  or i'd be pulling the light in and out all the time  ( neither of which make me look cool )  .so if you're going to buy this ,  keep this limitation in mind
alright before i begin let me just say i know quite a bit about wireless networking .   i had already connected 2 wireless pc's to my 128 bit wep encrypted router .   i had initially set it up as wpa but opted to change it as this hunk of junk doesn't support wpa .   this card will detect your network no problem ,  just try connecting to it .   apparently i am typing in the wrong wep pass .  .  .  .  i can assure you i am not .   perhaps there is an issue between micro$oft and d-link i am unaware of .  .  . go figure .   i do not have the time nor patience to deal with micro$oft's customer support regarding this issue .   back to the store this goes .   do yourself a favour and do not buy this
purchased this for my laptop  ( it was supposed to match the rangemax modem )  .   the adapter was not being recognized by my machine ,  and i contacted customer service .    the customer service rep was obviously from india  ( suprize !  )  .   unfortunately my inquiry was not resolved and i returned the product back .    probably would explore other brands next time around .
the cigarette lighter adapter  ( with speaker )  is really bad quality ,  the original one worn out within 1 year ,  i purchased a new adapter and worn out within 6 month .  garmin need to do better
i bought this item after seeing the almost uniformly good reviews including the one that says there is good macintosh support .   unfortunately the player does not work well with the macintosh .   the included software often crashes and does not seem to be able to import dss files .   the software can move the files between the recorder and the computer but the files do not appear in the software window .   the use interface is also fairly crude and looks as if it was ported directly from windows 3 . 1 .   the ds-2 appears to the finder as a standard usb disk and i have been able to copy the dss files from the player to the compuer using the finder .   it is then possible to play the dss files by double clicking them ,  but it will only play one file .   if you want to play another file it is necessary to completely quit the dss player and relanch it .   exporting the files to a format usable by other software such as aiff is also nearly impossible .   there is an export function in the menu ,  when it is selected it asks were the new file should be saved but no file ever appears .   unfortunately there is no other macintosh software available to read or convert dss files as olympus refuses to allow others use the the format on the macintosh .   search of the internet reveals that others have found extremely painful ways of converting the dss files such as playing the entire file and re-recording it with another program
most people buy a ups ,  plug it in and never test it to make sure it works .  i tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage .  i set it to shutdown windows after 1 minute .  only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it .after power was cut ,  it held the computer up and allowed it to shut down .  then i restored power to the ups .  after about 30 seconds ,  it beeped ,  clicked ,  and temporarily dropped power to the computer while it was rebooting !  so when it switches back from battery power it causes power to be interrupted .  that is unacceptable .  a ups should never drop power to the attached devices after power is restored to it .
the headset sits on the back of head ,  which is ok ,  however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable .  i was not able to use volume control ,  as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level .the mic is poor .   whether you want it for gaming or just general purpose use ,  its better to skip this for something else
on the back of the package it says -1 )  transparent sound and powerful bass .  - the  " transparent sound "  part is true and  " powerful bass "  part is totally untrue .2 )  metal stabilized system for high levels .  - what was that again ?  metal stabilized system ?  ?  it has antiroll crossbars i guess !  !when companies start making vague claims about their product - thats when you know that there is a problem .these sounded terrible at first - no bass - period .the sound changed for the better once i put on the foam covers .  i could hear some bass at that point but even after equalization ,  it was clear that this product is designed to deliver a lot of high frequency ,  decent midrange but little by way of bass - even though it claims to have frequency response going from 18hz to 20khz .  it fits my ears properly ,  so that is not a problem .this product sounds far inferior to a pair of  " aiwa "  ear-buds that came with a  " made in japan "  walkman purchased in 1990 !i wouldn't even compare the sound of these mx400 to the excellent koss over the ear headphones i purchased recently .maybe they are better than the ipod headphones  ( which suck even worse )  ,  and the reason people give this 5 stars .  really - no more than a 2 star product .expected much better from sennheiser .  with this experience ,  i've decided not to go for their noise cancelling headphone and instead go with the one from panasonic .  reputable companies should think twice before selling junk in the marketplace
the mouse worked well with my chipset ,  but beaware that earlier bluetooth chipsets do not have the power to work with this mouse ,  although the dongle that is bundled with this is excellent .the mouse was very difficult to use and unresponsive at times ,  requiring multiple clicks to choose items .   it was sluggish across the screen and very insensitive ,  even after maxing out all the mouse settings in either direction .looking through the forums at anycom informed me that many people had a similar problem and rma's were being issued .   considering that these problems arose earlier last year ,  i was upset that i was sold a defective product .  i just send my mouse back to newport ,  california for a replacement .the features are solid ,  the size is acceptable but prone to cramping at first .   for a travel mouse it is exceptional ,  being rechargeable via usb .   usuage with the usb cable attatched is ok but somewhat awkward as the cable comes from the  " head "  of the mouse ,  not the  " tail .  "would i buy again ?  only if i didn't find another product that was rechargeable ,  bluetooth and optical .
this thing does a horrible job at detecting wifi networks .  i have to be within 10 feet of my router to get a 50% signal  ( even though i can walk out tot he edge of my house and easily still get a good connection )  .  if it does detect bluetooth ,  which half the time it doesn't  ( regardless of it being active )  ,  it cancels out the wifi detection .  so if you have a bluetooth headset ,  and you're talking ,  the thing will just let you know that yes ,  there is a bluetooth device around .  thanks .  i was wondering
i purchased this camera for my daughter for christmas .  it was small , compact ,  and fairly inexpesive ,  perfect for a preteen .  first ,  it took forever to charge  ( the instructions indicate that it takes four hours )  .  after waiting for hours ,  my daughter attempted to take pictures ,  but the camera would not work .  the manual shows several different symbols that you should see in the lcd display ,  but none of these symbols appeared on this camera .  i am returning the camera immediately and i would not advise anyone to purchase one .
i wanted a keyboard that i could use in low light with both my pc and mac ,  and this one is reasonably o . k .  those users who enjoy the backlight of a mac powerbook or macbook pro will be disappointed by the cheap approach saitek used to illuminate the keys ,  though .  on the mac ,  each key has its own embedded light under the key .  on the saitek light is splashed under the entire keyboard ,  reducing the contrast and making it much harder to see the keys .   but it's better than nothing ,  and is helpful in low light .  it would have also been nice if they had an fn key ,  but such is life
i have the older ,  larger version of this product .  however ,  it uses the same software .  the labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great ,  but the software is awful .  there is no direct macintosh program ;  rather there are templates .  they were written for old versions of software and really don't work right .  the windows side includes an actual print shop-style program which works awfully .  if you do get this ,  make your own template on appleworks or powerpoint
wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home .   and who nowadays doesn't ?   there is so much noise you can't even hear yourself think .   oh well lesson learned .   if i could have given this device a zero i would have .
i purchased this product and ran home to try it out .   not 5 minutes after plugging it in to my computer ,  my computer freezes .   i restart and it says my device is malfunctioning .   i manage to get it working for about 5 minutes before it craps out on me again .   i try upgrading the drivers and it refuses to connect to my network .  i'm a network engineer and i am well versed in what i am doing ,  but this card has given me nothing but trouble .  i had to disable the software that came with it and use the windows wireless software to connect .   this only keeps me alive for about 30 minutes before freezing .   i talked to netgear support and they tell me that my processor isn't supported ,  which is total bs and just an attempt to get out of supporting me ,  they wouldn't even let me return the product .   my advice :  go with linksys or d-link or smc ,  anyone but netgear
i have purchased 10 of these drives ,  all at once .  what a mistake .  they are very flakey and will 'disappear' while copying data to them by usb .  you have to turn the drive off and back on for windows to find it again .  i do not have this problem with any other usb drive only lacie drives .  you cannot use one as a backup for this very reason ,  copying large amounts of data will fail and you have to start over or copy in chunks .one drive failed after 8 months ,  only at the 10 month mark did i realize it was still under warranty .  it had a 1 year warranty so 2 months left ,  i contacted lacie and after asking for a copy of the original invoice which clearly listed the purchase date they began ignoring my email and would not honor their warranty ,  no rma after requesting one 5 times ,  no more email responses since they could not come up with a reason to refuse service .  do not buy one of these ,  there are many drives with longer warranties that are more reliable from better companies .
i purchased this for my intel imac mainly because i was so frustrated with the mighty mouse .   i wanted something with two separate buttons .   i had tried the logitech mx 610  ( which i purchased as well for another computer )  and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful .   so ,  i purchased this desktop set because i wanted it to match my mac and so i could have a proper 2 button mouse .   i figured the mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well .   in fact ,  i thought i would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a mac and had extra shortcut buttons .other than having 2 separate buttons on the mouse ,  this keyboard/mouse combo has been an utter disappointment .first of all ,  the white doesn't quite match .   it's close ,  but just a touch too cream .   also ,  there's just too much silver .   especially on the mouse .secondly ,  it doesn't have all the buttons the mighty mouse does .   there is no button to switch to the widgets .   luckily ,  you can press f12 on the keyboard .   not quite as convenient ,  but still possible .   however ,  i have yet to find a button that allows you to switch between various open programs .   this is especially necessary if you have multiple web browsers open .thirdly ,  this mouse just doesn't work as well as other logitechs .   it is too light ,  lacking the  " feel "  and a bit of the comforting weight that the mx 610 has when you move it around .   also ,  the speed of the cursor is off .   no matter how i try to adjust the speed ,  it doesn't quite match the speed of the original mighty mouse .   it is either too fast or too slow .   i think part of it is simply osx's lack of adjustability compared to  [ gasp ]  windows for cursor speed .finally ,  the keyboard is simply atrocious .   i don't even use it anymore .   it's packed up in the box and i plugged the original mac keyboard back in .   the keys make a horrendous clatter when typing .   the pressure is nonexistant making touch typing just a bit more difficult than normal .   also ,  the depth is quite shallow .   this is a desktop keyboard .   you can press the key down further on nearly all the laptop keyboards i've tried .   also ,  the texture of the keys is far too smooth and uniform .   the raised dots to help you find the f or j buttons is too shallow .   i can't find the asdf an jkl ;  rows by touch .   i have to look .   as a touch typist ,  this is an unforgiveable sin .   it basically transforms you from a touch typist to a hunt and peck typer who has to visually find each key before you can hit it .   i'm typing on a thinkpad whose laptop keyboard is far superior to this logitech .so ,  in short ,  save your money and avoid this keyboard/mouse combo .   i rated it a two because the mouse did have 2 separate buttons ,  unlike the mighty mouse ,  which is why i purchased this in the first place .   it hit my most basic requirement .   otherwise ,  it really deserves a 1 star rating
when it works ,  it works very well .  but one day it suddenly died on me .  i had a comcast technician come and test my modem and after using some complicated equipments to test it ,  he concluded that the modem is dead .  after he gave me another modem ,  my network is up again .  very bad reliability .  motorola should be more responsible for their quality control !
these headphones are terrible ,  the sound is not good , and they hiss .  not worth the money .  i have real cheap ones that sound alot better
it was great at first until the connector to ipod break by itself .   the bluetooth signal wasn't the best ,  it loses signal constantly .   i had to re-sync and paired it up several times over a month period .   the high price imuffs mb210 from wi-gear gives a better promise with the ability to stop your ipod music and take a cellphone call with noise canceling microphone .   its bluetooth adapter fits cleaning on ipods with dock connectors ,  likely will not break as easily .   i sure hope logiteh will follow suit in this trend
i've had this mouse for about a month .  .  . use it with my mac g4 at home .  .  . and i'm exhausted .  it feels very nice in the hand and i really like the scrolling ball feature  ( hence the 2 stars )  ,  but it's just not predictable .  sometimes it glides along smoothly ,  most other times it tracks across the monitor like you're mousing over pebbles .  i've tried a number of different surfaces :  desktop  ( light woodgrain )  ;  smooth ,  medium gray fabric mouse pad ;  mouse pad made specifically for optical mice  ( better than the other two )  and i have even tried picking the thing up and shaking it to knock it into submission--to no avail .  it still lags and i have a hard time honing in on an object to select it  ( or to check a box or pick up a puzzle piece in a jigsaw puzzle .  .  .  )i use photoshop and other mousing intensive apps all day at work and at home and i need a mouse that is precise  ( for silhouetting ,  etc .  )  .  this just isn't it .  you shouldn't have to think about mousing when you're doing it ,  it should just happen--immediately and smoothly ,  corded or cordless .  and a  " newer "  technology should work better that a gummed up  " old "  tracking ball mouse !maybe it doesn't like my older mac .  maybe it's the bluetooth adapter .  whatever it is ,  it's not working .  .  .i'll be trying the logitech mx1000 next .  it has a recharging base and is laser  ( instead of optical )  .  i'm hoping the higher price will translate into better performance
i have been using the palmone navigator with my tx for about eight weeks .   most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my lexus .software installation is fairly easy .   however ,  you need at least a 256 mb sd card to load more than a couple of states ;  i recommend a 1 or 2 gb card .while the concept of a tx doubling as a navigation device is intriguing ,  the realty of it is rather sobering .   it is a cool toy ,  but if you have to plan routes for your job or any other meaningful purpose ,  this is not the right product .the pros are :- inexpensive in comparison to built-ins und stand-alone products- unit can be used in different locations and cars and even while walking- one device serves multiple purposesthe cons are :- it can take up to several minutes after starting the unit to acquire a satellite signal .   this is not the case with my car's oem navigation system .- the maps are outdated and not as precise as the oem nav system :   i live in phoenix ,  az and my neighborhood  ( built seven years ago )  as well as most of the freeways i take to work and back don't exist on the software .   more recent updates are not available  ( i checked the tomtom website )  .- navigation is often not precise enough  ( e . g .  it tells me to make a left in 50 yards ,  when i have already passed the intersection where it wants me to make a left )  .   i never have this problem with the built-in navigation .- look-up function for addresses and phone numbers is clumsy and doesn't display actual address until you map it .- it tends to freeze at least a couple times a day ,  requiring a soft reset .- lost connections to the satellite receiver or lost satellite signals also tend to disrupt the navigation on longer trips with stops .overall ,  the unit is too unreliable to be used as your only navigational aid .   if you need navigation to get to your travel destination ,  you are better off with a stand-alone unit .   i truly wish i had better things to say about this device since i really like the concept ,  but the reality just doesn't match the marketing .
i'm a cartoonist .  i need to be able to print color images for clients .  i bought this printer two years ago from staples ,  for $2500 !  worked great for a couple months ,  after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished .do not buy this printer !i'm reluctant to buy anything else from hp ,  knowing that how it performs on the sales floor can be markedly different from how it will perform after a couple months of light use
will not charge the micro zen ,  but will power the unit .   will toss it in the car for those times when the battery is dead and i just need my music .
it'll do in a pinch .  .  .  . but i hope there are better options .at times the sound is clear ,  however ,  most of the time the static is either 1 )  just annoying or 2 )  the static is so loud and piercing that you have to turn it off .i hope there are units that broadcast a stronger signal ,  or have another way to connect ,  in order to provide a constant tolerable sound quality .  i would recommend spending some more money to get a reliable device .
the first speaker came broken ,  i first called the manufacture but they wanted me to ship it at my cost for repair ,  that was not acceptable .  i then called amazon and you took the item back promptly .when i tried to have replacement shipped i was informed the price had increased and i would have to pay the difference ,  since this is the speaker my wife wanted i was forced to pay the increased price .  i am not happy with this tansaction .
as others have reported ,  my latch broke as well ,  but i broke it within three days of ownership .   within a month ,  i cracked the bit of plastic that is supposed to hold the palm in place when i was removing it from the case to sync it .   at the time ,  the case had so many gashes and dings that it really looked unpresentable .   bought a rhinoskin to replace this .   look elsewhere before you purchase this one
the description indicates that it works on mac platform .but it does not .  and the funny thing is the instruction .it says  " if it does not work ,  try different computer .  "very helpful ,  isn't it ?so i had to use my pc and set up a network w/ mac and trasnfer .too much trouble if you have a mac .however ,  it's easy to use .  hook up and click ,  click .  that's it .
new are notorious thieves in the consumer electronics repair industry .   i personally submitted for repair both a $1 , 600 video camera  ( sony dcr-pc5 )  and a car cd player  ( a sony cdx-c90 ,  a $1 , 200 in-dash top of the line unit .   if you've heard of it ,  you know what i'm talking about )  .   i was told that the warranty did not cover what was wrong with my video camera  ( some ambiguous statement about logic board ,  power unit ,  etc .  failure followed )  ,  and would have to pay ~$780 to have it fixed .   i naturally refused ,  and was forced to keep my dead 4 month-old handycam ,  an unfortunate testament to some of sony's now widely publicized qc issues .   the reason i did not send in the camera initially has to do with the fiasco involving my cd player .   i was told ,  explicitly ,  that if new could not fix it ,  they would either return the unit or write me a check in the amount of $1 , 000  ( not even enough to cover the cost of the player )  .   as an added insult ,  when they indeed could not fix the unit ,  they kept it ,  and i never received a check !  !  !   simply outrageous !   blatant theft ,  and i'm not the only one who will tell you a story about new and such an act .   they are impossible to get ahold of ,  and literally take your money and run/disappear .   don't expect to ever hear from them ,  should your camera stop working ,  and good luck getting ahold of them if you happen to send it in beforehand .   chances are ,  you will have to eat the loss ,  as i did .   this product deserves a negative star and should come with an automatic refund .   i seriously thought it was a gag when i saw new was in charge of the coverage .   what a joke !   whoever runs your company ,  new ,  ought to be both ashamed of themselves and held liable for all the countless damages and losses they have caused .   the whole lot of you belong in an unfriendly prison
for some years i tried this and other monster products ,  to the tune of over $1000 in monster a/v gear .  the more you learn about video and audio ,  the more you'll avoid anything with the monster label .  specifically ,  this s-video meets no ntsc ,  dvd or ieee standard ;  it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed ,  low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding .  has a sharp image ,  but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching ,  dirty grays ,  burned highlights ,  murky shadows ,  noisy reds ,  and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds .  makes video test patterns look great ,  but who watches test patterns all day ?  amazon offers many other brands at good prices ,  why waste your $$ on this stuff ?  i removed every piece of monster from my system and replaced them with ar ,  belden ,  viewsonics and others from amazon .  result :  vast improvement in every respect .
i had a previous good experience with a jabra headset .  this one was recommended for my panasonic cordless phone by jabra .  however ,  the sound quality is terrible .  it lacks any kind of high frequency response ,  and so sounds very boomy and full of bass ,  making it almost impossible to use .  it also needs a foam cover ,  since any kind of slight wind movement makes it extremely noisy .  i contacted jabra about this product ,  but received no response .  maybe it would work better with a different phone ,  but definitely not with my panasonic
i bought this unit because a dlink sales rep said it would be perfect for my application .  hah !  it doesn't work at all  ( i hope amazon will let me return it )  .  the first thing i had to do was upgrade the firmware - no instructions on how to do this ,  but for the uninitiated :  you have to download the  . ftp file from dlink ,  move it to the dlink firmware folder on your computer ,  then get the ap manager to see your unit  ( that's another story involving ip addresses - again ,  no help from the install documents )  ,  and then you can install the update .  i finally got the dwl-2100ap to see my network ,  but never could get it to talk back - it just sent gibberish .  the net tech and i worked on it for most of two working days ,  to no avail .  spent a lot of time on the phone with the dlink tech staff too ,  where everyone involved said we got some bad dope from the sales staff ,  but that we might get it to work ,  provided it is compatible with the existing equipment blah ,  blah ,  blah .  .  .  my assessment of dlink and the dlink dwl-2100ap ?  poor pre-sales support ,  poor post-sales support ,  confusing tech support ,  and poor documentation/install instruction for a product that may be  ( but then again ,  may not be )  compatible with your existing equipment .  what's up dlink
the first vista cx i purchased died after only 3 days of use .  i returned it to amazon who immediately and painlessly replaced it .   the second unit lasted for 4 days until i fell waist deep into a stream with the unit in my pocket .  though it was only submersed for a matter of seconds it immediately stopped working and water was seen internally around the screen .  garmin's claim of waterproofness for 1m for 10 minutes is utter baloney .  the poorly designed t-style lock on the battery case cannot possibly assure water integrity from anything beyond high humidity .  i probably wouldn't buy buy another garmin but i'm stuck with them as i have already invested $200 in proprietary mapsource software .   i guess that was their plan .on the plus side ,  the vista cx did seem to function as it should .  .  . for all of 7 days
i had dcs-900w from the same product line .  it craped out after 9 months ,  and now i am on the fifth call to try to resolve the issue and get it shipped back .  i don't know where their support is located ,  but the line quality is very bad ,  they ran the same drill over and over ,  but just don't want to issue you an order for you to ship back .this is the first d-link product i own and probably the last .  the resolution looks crappy even when it's new ,  and now it's totally dead ,  even reset won't work on it
put the card in my w2000 pc ,  followed instructions .   got to the part about loading the driver ,  the book says to go to the \drivers\win2000 driver on the cd included in the box- guess what ,  it's not on the disk included in the box .   since i use a connection that needs this stupid card to work ,  now i have to find another pc and down load the driver
bought c01u and was glad i could send it back after a testing period :tried it witih ableton live on os x 10 . 4 . 7 and a macbookpro .  sound quality was okay but either the buffer was too small  ( which caused the sound to scratch every few seconds )  or the buffer was too large which ended in a lag causing me to get distracted from my monitor-earphones .  i tried for about two hours to find the right balance but it didn't work out .  this microphone might have a nice sound but i can't recommend it for high standard voice recording .
this receiver doesn't work in rural areas .   it doesn't work as well as a cheap battery powered fm radio
bought a cell phone battery that ,  of course ,  died one week past their return/refund deadline .   refused to refund or replace even though the product is clearly defective .   this company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again .   consider yourself warned
i posted a review two weeks ago ,  but it hasn't appeared ,  so i'm trying again .  .  . i bought this lock two years ago .   it has always been difficult to remove .    ( note :   despite what some other reviewers seem to think ,  it does not have a motion detector - that's a different lock .  )   recently ,  the lock decided to remain firmly inside my ibook ,  despite my efforts to remove it .   after a fruitless call to targus's customer support ,  i finally got it out .   that took over 30 minutes of struggle .   my next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw .   apparently ,  the targus lock is not a good fit for ibooks .   i'm going to send mine back and demand compensation .   if you own an ibook ,  i strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than targus
i purchased my fuji compactflash xd card adapter elsewhere and it doesn't work in my hp officejet 7130 all-in-one .   it won't load in as it's supposed to but will fit correctly backwards .   except then i get an amber light that says there is a card error .   this is supposed to work with my all-in-one but it doesn't .   for that reason ,  i'd give it a zero star rating if such a rating existed .   i'm going to take this cp version back and hope the more updated cpf version works .   i'm a travel writer planning to take my own photos to go with my articles ,  but i'm getting nowhere fast with this card adapter that refuses to work properly .   this one is definitely a thumbs down .   however ,  this is my first dud fuji product i've bought and i love fuji digital cameras
i like other lacie drives i've used very much ,  thought i'd take a chance on this ,  but it just does not work .   it takes me about a hundred swipes on average to get the biometric sensor to work .  .  . that is keeping data a bit too secure to be helpful .   also there have been reports of complete data loss by others , but i've not had that experience - could be i just haven't been able to get to my data enough to find out .   support from lacie was completely unhelpful  ( wash your hands and the sensor before swiping which i have already done dozens of times was the only suggestion )  .   if the drive could be partioned so you could have a secure partition and an easier to access partion ,  the failure of biometrics would not be so serious ,  but as is ,  i would definitely not purchase this again ,  and i would strongly advise against it unless there is some kind of firmware or other improvement
i bought this product twice .  now i have two of them and none works .  this router is not able to get itself an ip from the cable modem let alone sending out a wireless signal .  first time i thought the router was defective and i ordered a new one hoping to return the first one ,  received the second one before i could return the first one ,  and the new one was no better than the other anyways .  avoid this product at all costs ,  or else
it is an okay printer  ( i haven't done photos yet )  and pretty fast but i have to change the cartridges every 3-4 weeks .  this is just home use i'm talking about ,  not business use .the cartridges are small ,  run out real fast and cost up to $60 a month for one black and one color .i'm thinking of going back to a lexmark
the memorex u3 traveldrive is simply a piece of crap .  i bought it for easy data transfer when on travel ,  but it seldom works in any computer .  the logo comes up when i plug it in and it simply hangs there .  it's utterly worthless
i bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features ,  but soon discovered that it can't normally do the one thing that all gpss should ,  tell you where you are .   i used my e-trex vista for about a year and half and would estimate that i spent 10% to 15% of the time staring at some type of lost signal message .   the unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days ,  which means about half the time in the seattle area where i live .   i would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy
plays fine on the first layer .  but picture will freeze during layer switch .  i either have to stop or skip pass the chapter but picture will be jumping and pixellated ,  pretty much unwatchable .you have to skip at least couple chapter away from the layer switch to get a decent picture on your screen .don't waste your money .  buy verbatim instead .  i never had any problem with that media .
i have several friends that have had similar items in the last few years that have worked nicely .  i'm sure this is a great product .  having said that .  .  .  this product is not and i repeat is not compatable with the new ipod nanos .  the new ipod nanos are slightly wider than the original and will not connect to this product .  i really hope amazon puts up a warning soon and i will do my best to try to get that done .  again this does not work with the 4gb and i assume the 8gb nano as well so do not buy it unless you have the older model nano .
i bought magellan roadmate 700 vehicle gps 2 months back and its not working as expected .  its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes don't even work .  many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again .might this product is very good in market ,  but i got the bad piece
i bought this even with the bad reviews .  i have one of it's predecessors ,  a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years .  it still does but the on/off button finally died .  i figured .  .  .  how bad could it be ?  the one i have worked great until now .it's bad .  it's awful .  it's worthless .  i've had to enter the codes for my tv and vcr 3 times today .  the batteries are brand new .  .  .  that's the first thing i tried .  do not buy this .  i only gave it a 1 because you can't give it a zero
i hope it's live because if it's memorex ,  it's crap !   that's my latest opinion after using this product .   i have a liteon sohw-802s and it hates memorex .   i rarely get a decent burn .   more often than not i'll discover while watching my movies just how horrid the quality it .   my movies will skip ,  stutter ,  or stop all together .   so disappointing !   unfortunately i found out too late that memorex uses cmc media ,  which only has a 0-50% success rate !    [  .  .  .
i received the ipod quickly which was a plus .  but it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs .  i had friends who have the same ipod try to fix it and it never worked .  i sent it back and requested a refund .  it has been a month and a half and i have yet to get my $120 back .
while a nice product packed with great features when it works ,  the bottom line is that it does not support twain drivers ,  meaning you can not scan through any application other than scansnap .  big minus .second minus is jams ,  jams ,  jams .  i have barely used this machine ,  but the double feeds are incredible  ( the rollers are new and the machine is clean )  .  i even tried using high grade color laser copier paper ,  but still double feeds big time !  upon occasion ,  i get a good feed ,  and i am so thankful for that .if you are planning to do some serious office organizing with various types of paper ,  sizes and paper weights ,  skip this product and go for a adf flatbed scanner .  this baby will jam up your day and consume all of your time with fiddling ,  reorganizing the misfeeds and clearing jams .think deeply before buying this one .  also ,  with an adf flatbed ,  you can scan books ,  and unusual documents  ( thin paper ,  very heavy paper )  that an adf  ( and the scansnap )  won't process by simply lifting the lid of the adf and taking the scan directly on the glass .  with scansnap ,  you are screwed
i was disappointed with these earphones .  the sound level was low and higher frequency sound seemed attenuated .   the $30 sony mdr-ex51 earphones i already owned sounded much better
i have had this phone for 20 hours - and am returning it .there is static noise on the line when people talk on the other end .   the echo of my voice from the earpiece is very distracting - i find it very disconcerting .the wall mount bracket causes the base to stick straight out from the wall - and as a previous reviewer mentioned ,  is usually up to your nose given the location of most wall mounts .   this strikes me as an unexcusable oversight on motorola's part .   either make it desk only - or do the wall mount right .the speaker for the speakerphone feature is in the back of the phone - while the microphone is in the front of the phone .   dumb design - i feel like i'm either not listening or not being picked up when talking .the volume on the base speakerphone is too low at highest setting .i'm very disappointed in this phone .   much like a previous reviewer ,  the 1 star is only because i couldn't give it a 0 star rating
i've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now .  the last few times i've taken them out for vacation use in camera ,  i've had the same problem :  i charge two sets  ( one kodak and one these energizers )  when i put the camera away .  a few weeks later ,  i go off on vacation .  the kodak 1600mah set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before .  the energizer 2500mah set might last me half a day ,  having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use .after missing out on some pics on my latest trip due to dead batteries ,  i'd had enough .  the energizers are going in the bin ,  and i just followed the good reviews to buy a set of duracells to replace them .
this gps comes with us map on the sd card and canada map on the included cd but never the twain shall meet .by car i'm a few hours from canada and several days from the eastern us but i can't swap out the faraway eastern us part of the map on the tomtom go 300 for a nearby canadian map .   it's either all canada or all contiguous us .   this is a major functional flaw if you live near the us/canada border or live further away and like to take cross-border trips .oh ,  and if you do decide to swap out the us map ,  be sure to save it on your computer first - tomtom doesn't bother to provide a backup on the cd so if you don't first make your own backup before changing to the canadian map you can't later get the us map back
is there a less than 1 star .   after 5month ,  it just stopped working ,   how do i get my money back .   not worth it for the money .   i have a smaller tv that i have had for 6 years and still works .
this card does not work with nokia 6682 .  i bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here .the product description does not show voltage details and compatibility with phones .  it is very misleading as the description uses the word  " mobile phone ready "  .sandisk should address this isse by providing proper product description
i was extremely excited when i received this product and have had good success with samsung products .   however ,  when i made all the connections ,  the unit didn't work .   i was disapointed and frustrated .   all the connections and settings were correct ,  but it didn't work .   i have an older dvi connection instead of the newer hdmi digital connection .i returned the product and bought the humax brand hdtv tuner .   i bought a dvi to hdmi cable and connected the unit .   it works like a charm !   i don't know what was wrong with the samsung sir-t451 ,  but i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .   i'm also having second thoughts about samsung products now .   it seems like the reliability/quality factor of samsung products has declined now that they are more mainstream
i have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that i did .or else they wrote their review too soon .i bought mine in june 2006 .   it failed before the store warranty ran out .   one down .   the replacement lasted a month or two before it hung and wouldn't boot .   two down .   sandisk honored their 1 year warranty with a prompt free rma .   that one also failed .   three down .   they replaced it with both a m230 and a 2gb c150 .   the c150 hung after about 2 weeks .   four down .   i have been using the m230 for two weeks now and hope it lasts until the c150 replacement arrives .   i have gotten quite good at the rma game and intend to keep playing it either until my warranty runs out or i get one of those that other people rave about .i don't think i'll buy another sandisk - unless it is free and has a lifetime warranty .i suggest that everyone with a failed m230 to exercise thier warranty rights .   sandisk needs to know the true reliability of their products .
i purchased this item after carefully reading all the other reviews .  i ,  like others ,  cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on .  i even tired using the  " tricks "  described in another review .to be fair ,  the product worked fine without wireless security ,  but i see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection .i am very disappointed in the product
i am the type of person that always buys the extra warranty on whatever i purchase .   however ,  i started reading the reviews on this company and many people reported that it was four weeks and counting and they still hadn't received their refund check .   i was astonished .   i contacted n . e . w .  myself and asked them about this .   with no shame or embarrassment on the part of the customer service reps ,  i was informed that if i did everything by email ,  it would take at least 15 business days  ( that's three weeks !  )  to receive my refund check after i sent them the warrantied item .   if i had them send me a pre-paid label for the defective item instead of using my own printer ,  it would take a week for me to receive and at least a week for them to receive the covered item .   in other words ,  it would take no less than four weeks to receive the replacement check and possibly up to eight weeks !   i cancelled the contract immediately .   it is just not worth it when you really do the math to purchase this contract .   i would recommend buying a product from a company that first makes a quality product and then back it up with a good warranty and gives good customer service such as grado ,  sennheiser or koss .   but stay away from these people ;  that's my feeling and my advice .
this bookstand ,  despite the description ,  is not suitable for heavy books .  if you put heavy books on this ,  the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off .
these batteries are not sold by amazon .   they are sold by an amazon re-seller called electrogalaxy .   please read the reviews of this company before purchasing .   i do not recommend this company due to their poor return policy and terrible customer service .   you have been officially warned .   do not buy anything from electrogalaxy
please ,  do not buy or use this product .  the  " hand-stitched ,  supple leather "  scratched my new 60g black ipod video .  the description says it  " will fit all ipod videos "  but mine was very tight .  so far ,  dlo has not answered my complaints .  neither has apple .  i bought the speck toughskin  ( have not received it yet )  and hope it helps me heal the pain .  bad product
i am sorry to say that my experience with the cd player has been miserable .  after a series of unhelpful conversations with sony folks ,  i am going to return it .  it often fails to read the cd or cuts in and out on new cds that play perfectly in other cd players ;  the shuffle program simply spins and spins ,  and rarely settles down to actually play a cd .   it occasionally generates a read error message  ( uh ,  yeah .  .  .  )  .even if on  " continuous "  play ,  it often fails to recognize the cds loaded into it .  instead ,  it displays a  " no disc "  message .  then ,  even if it does play a series of cds on continuous play ,  at some pt ,  it just stops .  it has been like this since i first brought it home and has not improved in the weeks since .the experience with the tech support people alone convinced me that they do not care .   it took a long time to even get through their tech support lines the first night i had it ,  and then a lot of persuading to even get them to agree that their cd player was not working .  then they tried to convince to me send the brand new machine back ,  **for a price** ,  to have them repair it .  uh ,  no ,  not likely to fall for that--paying them to repair a brand new machine straight out of the box ,  taking time out of my way-too-busy life to ship it to them ?  ?   i finally have a reference number with permission to return it to the store for a full refund ;  so back it goes .then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted .since i had the same shuffle problems with my previous sony carousel player ,  i am not inclined to try a 3rd machine .needless to say ,  no more sonys are coming into my life .
my husband bought me this for christmas because we were moving to a new city .  he picked it out because unlike garmin and magellen it was created from the ground up for use on the road .  the features are easy to use ,  the directions are great and when you need a new route because of roadblock or traffic - it really comes up with a great plan .  however - my first one lasted 3 months before it died ,  i then replaced it with another one and it died 3 months later as well .  i was very reluctant to buy a different brand - but had to for dependability .  i still don't like my garmin as much - but at least it works .  come on tomtom - get the electronics working as well as the maps and directions
you can't plug two of these in side-by-side ,  the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat
i bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site .  i was very pleased with the purchase then .  i didn't have one problem with the discs .i bought another pack recently and i've been using the pack i just bought .  all of the discs are messing up for me .  i can understand having a few problematic discs but this is insane to have a whole pack of discs and every single one of them messes up for you .  i wish i could send these discs back and get a refund .  this purchase has scared me away from anything else related to memorex .  i thought memorex was a very reliable brand and they would make sure they were sending out top notch items to consumers .  i guess i was wrong .  and apparently you get what you pay for .  don't be fooled by the good price .  you'll just be out of your money and stuck with discs that wouldn't even be worth using as a frisbee .  find another brand to use and avoid this brand
this model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional panasonic pm-series stereo .   this is the kind of thing that happens when you browse amazon while drunk late at night .unfortunately ,  with the exception of a very slight advantage in audio quality ,  the sony is in all respects inferior ;  ergonomics ,  appearance ,  and above all ,  fm reception ,  which is laughably poor .   do not buy this stereo if you expect a quality receiver .   hiss abounds ,  several local stations i heard previously are now unreachable ,  and to top it off ,  sony has stuck with their time-honored habit of using proprietary connectors ,  so when i went to plug in an after-market antenna to get better reception ,  i found a weird little plug that i hadn't noticed when i put the damned thing together .   grrr .   so now i'm going to sell this thing and buy a nice new panasonic with the proceeds .   death to sony
amazon does not ship to post office boxes .   the mouse could only be shipped to a post office box per amazon shipping proticol .   therefore ,  after two attempts to purchace this product from amazon i had to buy elsewhere .   if you live where the united states postal service does not deliver the mail to your house ,  pass of this item if not amazon .   i have considerable expierance buying mail order and online and this is the first time i have found a company setting rules that actually prevent the buyer from recieving the product
this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari ,  with windows xp .  i don't know why .  i just returned it
wow ,  i can't believe how much i hate this bag .   and it was expensive ,  compared to some of the stuff i passed up .   i thought i couldn't go wrong with targus .  .  . but i could and i did .   first ,  the strap is horrible .   it keeps getting twisted and i have marks on my shoulder from where it cuts in to it .   2nd ,  it's really heavy .   lastly ,  there's all these compartments that don't do anything and mostly get in the way .   like the phone add-on .   my phone doesn't fit in there ,  and even if it did ,  would i carry my phone on my bag ?
great looking keyboard .  unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed .  that includes cleaning .  and don't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it .  the keyboard self destructs after you have the ,  count them ,  10s and 10s of screws .i called their customer support .  they weren't like dell ,  nobody is that bad ,  but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50% off their retail price .  shipping was extra .  so you save maybe $10 off street prices .all-in-all they are no longer the good company they were in the past .  they need competition .  so i'm pulling out my old logitech from retirement .  too bad they don't make those old keyboards anylonger
if you have a palm ,  read this before buying this device :&#60 ; &#60 ; &#60 ; although our sd gps card should work with palm os without a driver as its nmea-0183 compliant ,  currently we are not aware of any 3rd-party software that supports our sd gps card .  based on this i regrettably have to say that at this moment it does not work with palm os device .  we are currently in the process of developing a palm os driver that will allow the device to be used independent of 3rd-party software support .  when this becomes available it will be posted on our website . &#62 ; &#62 ; &#62 ;i bought this for my father for christmas .  it cost a lot of money .  we all got really excited about it .  it doesn't work .   :
got it at walmart can't even remove a scuff .  i give it -100 good thing i could return it
believe the opinions of most of the people who have made the mistake - like me - of buying this thing :  it is pure junk !  it has to be one of the worst hoaxes ever put over on consumers .  it does not work ,  and you can forget getting any real help or service out of griffin technology
the dvd burner connected very easily through usb ,  was immediately recognized by winxp ,  the software installation was fine .  i was beginning to feel good .  however ,  whenever i burned a dvd  ( i tried 4 different brands ,  some r ,  some rw etc .  .  .  )  ,  several files would contain errors ,  and would be completely unreadable .  the burning process moreover does not detect this :  one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors .  moreover ,  the firmware update just does not work on my machine ,  pardon ,  machines .  completely standard dell machines ,  all latest winxp and drivers ,  good cpus  ( 3ghz and up )  ,  lots of memory ,  big hard-drives .  i called customer service to try to solve the problem .  first of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes .  the rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing .  to make a long story short ,  i had to call 3 times .  first guy :  oh ,   " of course it doesn't work ,  you have easycd creator installed !  "  .  ok ,  i buy it ,  i go through the  ( painful )  uninstallation process of roxio's software .  no problems solved .  second guy :   " oh ,  of course it does not work ,  it requires 10gb of free hard-drive space !  it's written on the box "  .  plain lie :  on the box it says you need 10gb for nerovision  ( for burning videos )  ,  but only 1gb for nero .  quarrel  ( they are tough !  )  with the guy who could not care less about the fact i got him lying ,  or that the product description is wrong .  ok ,  patiently i freed up 10gb from hard drive ,  try again ,  exactly same problem .  the only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement .  i got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720 ,  not a 710 ,  since 710 is not manufactured anymore  ( wonder why ?  )  .  notice i tried this on two different machines  ( one laptop and one desktop )  ,  with identical results .other lie :  i noticed ,  as somebody else here ,  that the nero software provided writes only on sony drives :  so if nero is really the only software that should be installed because of conflicts with roxio  ( et al .  ?  )  ,  you will never be able to use your own cd drive to burn cds .  how ridicolous is that ?  ?  ?  ?  the technician said this is because i had both software ( s )  installed ,  but that was another lie .the incompetence of these guys is beyond belief .  if the new drive will not work ,  i hopefully will get a refund through my credit card .  you know ,  the technician even said that that is not possible ,  credit cards companies do not do that  ( lol )
i just purchased this mouse .  it has a good feel .  it does not scroll as smoothly as i would like .  contrary to what microsoft says ,  the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list .  i chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as  " copy "  and  " paste "  .  neither one works . another irritation ,  i am already getting a popup that says the  " signal "  is weak -- about 18 "  away ,  yet the menu says it is fine i got a great buy on it at officedepot  ( half price )  ,  otherwise i would return it
i have owned this little hub for at least a year .  i have an older pc which came without usb ,  so i added a pci adapter .  i soon realized that i needed more ports ,  and more convenience ,  than the two now located in the backplane of the pc on the floor .i shopped around ,  and this item looked appropriate .  as for the short cord ,  i solved that issue by getting a usb extension cord at the same time .  besides solving the immediate problem ,  this approach gave me the option of moving the hub to my laptop at some point ,  and using the extension cord for some other purpose .for a long time it did exactly what it was supposed to do .  i attached an external hard drive through it .  i used it for a compact flash card reader ,  and a digital camera .  i connected an inkjet printer .  everything worked ,  once the drivers were installed and everything was set up correctly .   ( this was all with windows 98 se .  )but after a while ,  things started getting less reliable .  the system would tell me that various  " drives "   ( on the flash card reader ,  or the external hard drive )  were not available .  or the digital camera would not stay connected to its software .  and the printer even started disappearing .playing with the cables and connectors would sometimes bring devices back to life ,  and eventually i deduced that there was something wrong either with the connectors themselves being too loose ,  or with wiring inside the device .  either way ,  it has finally become a big problem ,  and i am shopping for a replacement .most of the devices i connected were self-powered ,  that is ,  they did not need to draw power from the hub or the pci channel at all .  the hard drive ,  camera ,  and printer were all powered by batteries or ac adapters of their own .  and the flash card reader ,  which did draw power from the hub ,  used to work fine .  it does not matter what combination of devices i try ,  sooner or later the connection goes bad .it is of course possible that there's something wrong in the pc -- but that would not explain why things are improved by messing with the connectors or the hub itself .  so i have to recommend against buying it .  i suspect it is discontinued and that this advice won't be necessary for much longer ,  but i want to prevent somebody from the bother i've been through ,  just in case
this is a good product - sounds great ,  gets good battery life ,  everything you'd hope for in an ipod dock .   but it has one major flaw .   the ipod docking port is really flimsy ,  and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves .   after a little bit of use ,  the connection between the ipod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down ,  and sometimes the sound cuts out all together .if they added some kind of simple support so that bumping the ipod wouldn't stress the electronics ,  i'd give this thing 5 stars .   but without that ,  it simply breaks quickly ,  and no longer performs its only job - to sound good .
do not buy this mouse !this mouse has given me nothing but frustration .1 .  the front of the mouse where the buttons are located is extremely low ,  causing a muscle strain in your hand if you use it for long periods of time .2 .  battery life is horrible .  like 2 weeks .  .  .3 .  when your mouse is idle for 8 minutes ,  it goes into an automatic sleep mode .  the manual says to touch the metal lines on the side to  " revive "  it but when i do it simply freeze the cursor on the screen .  so i have to reboot my computer .absolutely the worst !  !
it doesn't matter what dvd+ writer i used ,  velocity worked !  not one disk became a coaster .   i loved the velocity dvd-r until i order 2 more spindles .   i ordered it directly for the manufacture .   when i received it ,  the outside plastic covering was cracked ,  half the disks had the jitters and the other half was coasters .  it seems to me that they trick you into ordering one with a great offer including free shipping .   if you order any more ,  the person shipping it to you send you the rejects from quality assurance .  i will never again order this product again period !
it didn't work properly from the time it came out of the box .   the carousel wouldn't make a complete rotation ,  so cds and dvds would  get 'trapped' inside the unit .   and occasionally ,  it would simply refuse to play a dvd altogether .   panasonic has directed us to a local repair shop ,  so maybe they can get it to function as it should .   if you do purchase one ,  please read the warranty carefully ;   a defective unit will either have to be repaired or replaced with a refurbished one .   panasonic informed me that they do not replace malfunctioning units with new ones ,  under any circumstances .
the noise canceling is just barely discernible in comparison to when it is turned off and the music quality is not comparable to other earbuds in this price range  ( $60 list ,  $35 amazon )  .  the cloth wrapped cords seem like a nice feature for making them a bit more rugged ,  but i don't like the way the cords are arranged which create this loop that you put your head into  ( combined with the stronger cord ,  better not wear them around machinery since getting them caught will likely result in something a bit more painful than just having the earbuds yanked out of your ears )
sound output is terrible ,  you can't hear it in a car or airplane ( with high quality ,  noise cancelling earphones )  .   when i called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane .  picture is very good ,  but i have heard better sound from much cheaper players .   don't waste your money
the first few times it worked great ,  after that i haven't been able to use it ,  for some reason incoming audio is good but the mic does not work ,  i have to use my computer's which is anoying so i stopped using altogether .  waste of money
i've found these headphones to be highly overrated .the noise cancelling is primarily from the snug fit in the ear .   when the noise circuit is turned on ,  the background  " hiss "  becomes incredibly annoying .   to be fair though ,  this model does remove some background low frequency sound ,  even in addition to the the noise reduction from the ear plugs .the frequency response during playback sounds like an old am radio
amazon says that it is in stock .do not believe it .i ordered  it at 8/26 and they could not even ship it at 10/1 .they delayed it several times saying that it is in stock .of course the website says that it is always  " in stock "and can ship it now .maybe their now is like 3 months .  .  .my current keyboard has broken keys ,  and i have serious inconvenience because of this
i have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone .  the battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks i was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers .  instead of gambling on replacement cells i bought a panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed at&t model 2255 buyers
we signed up with vonage a couple of months ago .   setting up the d-link adapter was a snap and i had a dial tone quickly .   after several days ,  my line was ported and i thought everthing was ok .that was until i tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me .   i heard his side clearly ,  but all he heard was static .   others complained about our connection too .   vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems .however ,  i still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax .   i have tried multiple tips to get it to work ,  and still no luck .   calling vonage's tech support is horrible .   long wait to talk with someone who doesn't speak good english nor has a clue about what to do with your problems .the worst part is that vonage makes you sign up for a contract .   if it wasn't for that ,  people would flee in droves .   i think it will get better ,  but it has a way to g
i plugged my nano into this charger for about 10 minutes and picked it up to check it out - it almost burnt my hand .  my nano is now toast !  i hope it just toasted the battery and not the whole device
i purchased two of these units the first one worked ok .  the second one has a problem .  in a side by side comparison the signal qualities of the two units vary .  i checked there accuracy and tracking with oziexplorer moving map software .  the first unit tracks pretty good ,  but the second units position is off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meters .  i sent the faulty unit to garmin to be repaired .  they sent it back with a description of the problem and that it had been fixed .  i checked the unit out and it is the same as when i sent it to them .  now i'm stuck with a dud
interference from other electronics is a severe problem - i had to return this item for a refund .   if you can locate it several feet from any other electronics ,  it might work for you ,  but who wants a phone that you cannot place on your desktop ,  near a computer
i purchased this device to add to my wireless network ,  which uses a belkin wireless router .   i had to connect the router directly to the game adapter since it could not be detected by my wireless router .   after configuring it ,  i could never find it once it was disconnected from the ethernet cable from my wireless router .   i made three attempts at customer service - my first call was disconnected after 20 minutes ,  the second call was working with a woman in india ,  who's headset had a ton of static to add to her accent .   i had to end that session because we couldn't hear each other .   i then used online chat ,  and after 90 minutes i still had not solved my problem ,  and that session was disconnected for unknown reasons .   the lady from india did mention that mixing their product with any other wireless router would be a problem ,  and now i believe her
a year later and i wish i had the money for an ipod .  i have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore .  what's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with ?  ridiculous
looks beautifull .  .  .  .  .  . works about 40% of the time .   be ready to reinstall the software weekly .very expensive for something that dosent work all the tim
i recently received an ipod photo and after loading in tons of cd's i said   .   .   .  hey why not buy an all in 1 adapter for my car .   my transpod arrived but i had difficulty inserting the adapter into my car's charger .   after working that out and using it everyday for a week ,  it stopped working .   i realized that the fuse had blown .   it's small and relatively compact unlike the griffin roadtrip ,  but it's a whole lot of drama for the price .with regard to the quality of the sound through my vehicle's audio system ,  i am extremely disappointed .   what sounds like a million dollars through headphones does not translate to what you hear through fm radio frequencies .   i have adjusted the ipod's equalizer and played around with some options inside my car ,  but i am extremely disappointed .   if someone has a better alternative  .   .   .  god bless you but don't waste your money on this product
i adore my nano ,  but this armband is one of the worst products i have ever bought .   i work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout .   the spacing of the velcro dots means i never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime i do weight lifting close to my body .     it is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is .   i am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage .
i have had this phone for about three years .  i bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone  ( with mute )  for long conference calls .  it was quite expensive  ( i paid $200 to get it )  but here are what i have found to be its shortcomings :  no caller-id display .  this just baffles me .  i get caller-id on all other phones in the house except this one .  i have tried every possible varient  ( resetted settings ,  disconnected other phones ,  etc .  )  but nothing works :  i always get  " no id message "  on the lcd .  the second major shortcoming is that called-parties often complain about the feedback on the speakerphone .  one way to reduce that is by lowering the volume significantly ,  but that sort-of defeats the purpose of having a good speakerphone .  another minor shortcoming is that the phone requires to be powered even though it is a corded-phone  ( hence will not work in case of emergencies )  .  finally ,  two connect two lines you have to use an ugly adapter .  one good thing about the phone is that it looks quite good ,  has a professional appearance ,  and claims to have a duplex-speakerphone .
i bought this for easy transfer of pictures from my digital camera with sd memory card anywhere not home and sometimes from other peoples memory card  ( xd and memory stick )  .  .first of all i was disappointed with the flimsy ,  plastic design and the size of it .  but it would have been ok if it worked !  .  . it doesnt read my sd card .  and as menetioned in other people's review hard to insert and take out the cards !  i'm scared if the cards get scratch and ruined whenever i do it .  i wish i have bought this after reading amazon reviews .  .  . it's useless now .  i'm lost how i can get sd card work on this and if i do ,  scared of frequent use for the flimsy design
i love the basic design ,  great hardware/software linkage ,  and software interface of this mac-happy scanner .   however ,  i value my time too much to babysit the feed mechanism of the unit i received last week .   it inconsistently graps multiple pages as other reviewers have disclosed .   so ,  if you're scanning a 10-page doc and it misses one somewhere along the way ,  have you really accomplished anything ?   no .   you must either try the whole thing again  ( with likely the same result )  ,  or you must figure out what page ( s )  is missing ,  scan it separately ,  and go thru a simple yet not expedient acrobat process to insert the omitted page .   in the end ,  this machine made it +90% of the way to being a really great product ,  but the shortcoming fouls half the machine's overall utility .   swing a little bit harder next time fujitsu
these discs are not really tdk - they are low-quality discs branded and priced as tdk .i have a samsung s182m dvd burner and it will not recognize these discs at all .   it just spins them around and around forever .   the one time i got it to recognize one of these ,  it reported that it was media id daxon0016s .   avoid these .
there is nothing good to say about this speaker except the size .   the sound quality sucks .   it stops mid song on a regular basis .   it is just a piece of crap .   it is so crappy that i am throwing it away rather than give to someone
this was a great mouse for about the first year i owned .  after one year is when all of the problems started .   the mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it doesn't want to connect at all .   i have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help .   it is very tempremental ,  and i have now given up and am shopping for a replacement .so ,  a word to the wise - in my experience the mouse will work great for a while ,  just be prepared to replace it in a year or so
i've been a fan of sony earbuds for many years .   due to the bad reviews of durability of the latest sony earbuds ,  i decided on purchasing these panasonic headphones .  i bought these headphones because my sony headphones died after 3 years and to upgrade my factory creative zen micro headphones .   i found a perfect fit between the 3 size earplugs .   i've noticed that it does block out the sound in your surroundings .   it's good for that commute to work when there is a lot of noise .   i like the around the neck feature .   as far as quality ,  the extention part of the wiring looks durable but not the around the neck part of it .   as far as the performance of the headphones ,  i'm really disappointed in these headphones .   my factory creative headphones had out performed these .   the bass level is too low even when i max out the bass in the player .   the mids and treble sound like crap .  don't waste your money on these !   now i have to spend more money to replace these poor quality headphones !   argh !
you don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals .   keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them .  did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel ?   there's no gold inside !   so there's no need for oxygen-free ,  gold tipped ,  multi sheilded ,  super mega supreme cables .    if you don't believe me ,  buy this cable and a no-name cheapie .   compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference .with analog signals ,  a good quality cable may make a difference  ( although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope )  .
unfortunately the item didn't work .   the company offered to replace it but i just decided to pay more and buy locally
constips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the toppoorly designed ,  it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots for cds ,  so if you want a cd from the bottom of a stack you have basically pull the whole stack to get to itputting it together was a pain ,  the one i bought i had to break a piece of metal just to fit it in its guide holes .again .  . poorly designed .  .  .  doesnt even fit cds that well ,  there are gaps ,  and the cd casses are loose fittingpros.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .i guess it can hold a lot of cds .  .  .  .
i replaced a siemens 8825 with the motorola 7081 and was ,  unfortunately ,  really disappointed .  the 8825 while rich in function ,  is quite lacking in quality .  so what's good about the 7081 is :1 . 	great design and feel ,  especially the handset .2 . 	nice look to the unit .3 . 	well-lit displays .4 . 	easy to understand voice prompts when accessing remotely .5 . 	reasonable range .6 . 	nice feel to the buttons .7 . 	fairly easy to go through the setup .8 . 	ability to sort the phonebook alphabetically .9 . 	base has phonebook that can be shared by the handsets .10 . 	motorola customer support  ( excellent )  .now what's not good :1 . 	even at maximum volume ,  you can barely hear the speakerphone onthe base .2 . 	sound on the handset is distorted ,  fuzzy .  the person on the otherend hears a hiss .  the volume is adequate ,  but barely .3 . 	cannot search the phonebook .  if you sorted it alphabetically andneed to access a name starting with  " z "  you have to scroll throughthe entire phonebook .4 . 	can't record an outgoing message remotely .5 . 	battery level indicator on handset is useless .  when the handset isin the charging cradle ,  it shows a charging indication at alltimes .  when it is out of the cradle ,  it doesn't show anything .i really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper .
it was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half .   every so often ,  my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary ,  but i encountered no serious problems .unfortunately ,  it seems that might have been indicative of a greater problem with the mousepad .   it is all one color .   the grooves have all worn away on a large portion of the pad ,  and now my mouse won't budge .   i'm in the process of looking for an alternative right now
i ordered this web cam because i wanted one of the better web cams on the market .   i was not able to get it working .   i returned it .   very dissapointed
i purchased a unit recently and after a couple hours tinkering with it ,  i couldn't get it to work .   i called actiontec/vosky support and spent almost an hour on the phone with them .   they advised me to uninstall their software and skype and to try reinstalling each product .   when that didn't work ,  they told me the product was defective .   unfortunately ,  they refused to take it back themselves and made me deal with the seller  ( antonline . com )  first  ( not a very good seller ,  btw ,  as they gave me a terrible time when i tried to return the defective product )  .hopefully you'll have better luck .also ,  be sure to check out whether vosky is officially supporting skype 2 . 5 .   when i made my purchase ,  they did not
a friend gave me this card for free ,  when i travled to arizona .  i use this card in my dell x51v .from time to time ,  this card can't be recoginize by the pda .  i have to pull it out and re-insert it in ,  and reset my pda .then oneday ,  my gps software showed  " map data corrupted "  .  all the data in the card was wiped out ,  and the card's space reduced to around 300m ,  have no idea where the remaining space goes to .don't put important data on this one !  !  !  that's my lesson
we purchased this phone to go with the rest of the set and we were extremely disappointed !  !   we had to return them for a different brand because we could not hear !  !  !   they were so static that you often could not hear the person speaking !  !   you would think at this price it would not be so static .   we went for a brand at a much lower price and they are crystal clear !
i purchased the kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise .  i heard and read a lot about the problems with fm transmitters ,  like static and audio quality but the kensington was the best rated unit .it arrived the day before i had to take a business trip and thought it would be a great test .  the first day i used it ,  it seemed to work great .  the next day on my return trip home ,  all i got was static and could barely hear the music from my ipod .  i tried every station i could find with little or no transmission on it ,  but the audio quality remained extremely poor .i am not sure if there are just too many stations broadcasting in the nyc metro area or this particular unit is defective ,  but since my car has a casette player i will go with casette adapter for now .if you have lots of unused frequencies ,  it might work in your area .  just be sure you can return it if it doesn't work out for you .
i have a collection of over 1500 disks so i have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that i have purchased .   i would avoid this brand .[  .  .  .
after serveral months of use ,   " card error "  was shown on my canon digital rebel for my 512mb viking card ,  which was half full with pictures .  fortunately ,  i just lost a few of pictures .   i tried to format the file ;   " card error "  kept occuring on my rebel .   this 512mb viking card is now used for my data files .probably ,  512mb viking cards are not designed for high mega pixel camera and taking many shots in a short period of time  ( i . e .  3 shots/sec .  )  .   my canon a40 has no problems when used with the 512mb viking card so far .   probably ,  i am going to buy a 512mb card from sandisk or simple tech
please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised !   to date ,  i've been denied twice .   the second time they said the u p c number was invalid .  only ,  it's the original u p c barcode !   i was meticulous filing the paperwork ,  yet they state ,   " all required products were not submitted .  "   meanwhile ,  i have phoned amaz0n to lodge a formal complaint .the product itself is average .   i've used better and worse .   that said ,  it's definitely not worth the full asking price
i really enjoyed my zen ,  when it worked .   the first one i ordered i had to return becuase it would only play every other song ,  and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and i would have to take out the battery to make it stop .   so ,  i exchanged it for a new one ,  and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again ,  it would freeze up ,  and would only play 5 seconds of every song .  what i liked about it ,  for the small amount of time i had it was the sound quality ,  the choice in colors ,  and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space .   i'm not sure i would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days .   now i have an iriver clix and have had no problems .   it has less storage but i don't care ,  it is easier to control and i haven't had problems with it
hard to figure out and organize music .  .  .  battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often .  .  .  don't recommend it .  very  " not happy
callers can barely hear me ,  even with the mic right in my mouth  ( volume adjustment on cord doesnt affect it )  .and even worse ,  callers hear an echo of themselves ,  the mic picks up the caller in the earpiece enough to resend it !    ( echo !  )  .  must be because its all on the same arm or something crappy .   this makes it basically unusable ,  so waste of money ,  throw away ,  going to buy a better one
no free lunch & you get what you pay for .  .  . is that the verdict on this product ?well ,  the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it .   i need disc binders and the case logic brand ,  while being the original ,  is pricey .   low cost alternatives are needed ,  but not at the expense of quality and tco  ( total cost of ownership )  .   but the flap about poor customer service  ( rebates )  and poor quality  ( zippers and sleeve binding )  is enough to give me pause .  .  .  .  .   so ,  if someone from xtreme's management is paying attention .  .  .  . fix it or be content to lose business .   price isn't everything to everyone in the markt for your product .  .
the first warning sign is that the drivers are not windows approved and unsigned .  their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings .next ,  is the cheesy  " cool "  looking set-up program .  please forget about the groovy graphics and just provide a usable interface .then ,  the drivers don't work .  my cursor slides all around the screen after i stop moving the mouse .  i tried calling customer support ,  but there is no telephone support .  i then tried connecting with their online chat support .  no one helped me after 20 minutes .  two days later ,  in response to an e-mail ,  they sent me 3 pages of instructions about how to adjust my system to accommodate their crappy software .too bad ,  because the mouse itself is a nice piece of hardware .  solid-feeling ,  well-built ,  and comfortable .i'm sending mine back for a refund
isolation :i had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears .  with the foam ,  it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise .   my commute home on the j train  ( light-rail )  was quite silent .   i was listening to classical music for the first time on the train .   with earbuds ,  i had to put the volume level around 50% .   with the sony mdr-ex71 model ,  i could to keep it around 40% .   the noise attenuation wasn't that good with the sony model ,  but definitely better than earbuds  ( but the sound quality was quite terrible though .  )sound quality :superb sound .   the partnership with etymotic research is evident .   everything sounded great :   rock ,  grunge ,  classical .   the sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass  ( when the seal was good )  .   very balanced sound .cord/construction :i string my earphones through an rei one jacket ,  so this was more or less perfect length .   the cord is symmetric so it's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the sonys ,  and the connection to the ear pieces is solid ,  not fragile-looking like the er6 .   the earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly .   the included case is ridiculous though ;  it's way too bulky for portability .comfort/fit :sadly ,  this is primary reason i'm returning these .   both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big .   the foam models got the seal ,  but they were too big ,  so i felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals .   those were my only two options with the included package .   the other problem is that i cannot find replacements that are smaller ,  anywhere on the web ,  including the altec lansing site .documentation :another reason i am returning these is the documentation .   the manual says that i can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing . com/inmotionearphones ,  and i get a 404 error when i visit the link .   that is pretty pathetic .update :    ( 1/19/2006 ) i emailed altec lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006 ,  and i have yet to get a response from them .bottom line :if you have large ears ,  these may suit you .   but if you know that you have smaller ears ,  then stay away from these ,  and go for something else
i bought this for my 80-year-old mother ,  who is disabled and can't cope with a computer .  every time the typewriter is turned on ,  we find that it either types the wrong letter  ( press a q ,  it prints an s ;  press e and get p ,  etc .  )  or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly  ( some overlapping ,  some huge spaces )  .  there is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that ,  supposedly ,  will reset the programming .  but this is just too much for mom .  also ,  every time it's turned on ,  you have to re-program the line spacing ,  the tabs and everything else .  i ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-bay and mom is much happier with it
i was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the nimh batteries it came with .   i took it back to best buy only to find that all of the rapid chargers on thier shelf did not work either .   a sales person and i tested them all ,  hoping i would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked .it was more disappointing  after calling kodak ---they were unable to replace it or get my money back .   i thought purchasing a kodak was a smart decision ,  however ,  they did not stand behind their product which was very disappointing .
it broke after two uses .   it has an auto shutoff if no detection after 30 seconds and i plugged it in to everything and it would shut off every 30 seconds .   i was so mad i threw it out the window .   what a waste of thirty bucks
i bought this player a little over a year ago ,  mainly for the ability to upgrade the firmware to region-free .  played everything i put in it until a few days ago ,  when it started having intermittent problems- graphics were staticy and blocky ,  sound would just buzz and it wouldn't eject discs until i shut it down and restarted it .  that lasted for two days before the problem became permanent .  now it's a doorstop .   the apex web site appears to be down right now ,  but based on the other reviews here i doubt there's much point in contacting them
this cable does improve the image quality but not by much .  i was dissappointed to see very little difference between my standard ps2 stock cable and the moster cable i bought .  this is not to say that the monster cable is bad ,  but it just isn't worth the asking price .  if you see on for under $20 then i recommend picking it up ,  but other than that ,  just avoid them because there isn't much better out there
it looks sexy ,  but it just doesn't work .  the scroll pad is so finicky i wanted to throw it out the window after the first hour .  about half the time it moves the cursor when you want to scroll ,  or it scrolls when you want to move the cursor .  the other half the time ,  it does nothing no matter what part of the pad you touch or how hard or lightly you press .  also beware that if you return this just because you're not satisfied with how it works ,  amazon will charge you for both outgoing and return postage !   ( i've giving it one star out of pity ,  and because it does look sharp .
this product does not have the skip feature included in the product descriptio
it was not worth the cost to ship it back
several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite  ( l/r audio + video )  cable ,  or an s-video  ( multi-pinned plug )  .  almost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the tv uses different internal circuitry for each one .  virtually any s-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable ,  and any component  ( individual r-g-b video )  connection will be better than s-video .  cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it .  there may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another ,  but its almost always unnoticable
i bought these cables ,  brought them home and immediatly hooked them up .   i set the ps2 for component and set my tv for it as well .   and  it looked awesome .  .  .  . for about 2 weeks .   then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy .   it would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the tv would have all the colors washed out in green .i found that i could stick a ps2 case under the cables at the base and it went away .   but sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back .i have the pstwo  ( small version )  and the ps2 .  .  .  the small version has the problem ,  but the large one doesnt .   so dont get them if you have the small version .  .  .  the large one works fine .
i spoke with customer service rep at 800-283-1311 .   devices have a one-year warranty .   i stated that i sent in the registration card ,  and asked if she would look up the purchase date .   she said no ,   " registration and warrany are in different departments .  "she asked me to hold ,  and came back on the line stating that since this model originally sold in 2003 ,  my unit went off warranty in 2004 unless i have the invoice .   i called back about an hour later ,  after finding the invoice ,  and got the same customer service rep .   she recognized me and belittled me for calling back and said unless i have a question ,  there's nothing they can do .   i stated that i found the invoice as requested and she asked me to fax it to her .   i did that ,  so far no response .   we'll see if they replace the unit or not .just an fyi .  .  . after the one-year warranty ,  there are no options .  the do not offer parts or service after the one-year warranty
do not buy .   this may be the worst product i've ever bought .   it has never worked properly .   i've kept fresh batteries in it ,  but it's still no good .   within 10 feet of the laptop ,  i'll click three or four times and nothing happens .   then ,  i'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end .   it's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen .awful product .   believe the bad reviews .   it's worse than they describe .the only positive thing i can say about the product is that it doubles nicely as a cat toy .   my cat loves the laser pointer
samsung is the worst .   we bought this tv in august and it was delivered in september to our new house .   we opened it on a sunday ,  plugged it in and watched it for a while ,  then on monday it would not come on .   they thought it was a lamp ,  but that didn't fix it so they came and got it to service it .   we bought it for football season and football season is half over and we still have no tv .   they decided to replace it since they couldn't fix it .   that was three weeks ago .   now they are giving us the runaround blaming shipping/warehouse/etc for the delay in sending the new one .   during a phone conversation with samsung they basically said they were so far behind on shipping because they had so many to ship out  ( ie lots of them have problems and are being replaced is the way i took it .
i had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds .  the sound quality was good ,  but the dependability of this item is questionable .
got this antenna from my wife for my birthday ;  to go with my roadmate 760 i just purchased .  .  the antenna we received was the at-65 antenna .  instead of the large round antenna in the picture it was a small rectangular antenna  ( 1 inch x 1 1/2 inch )  with no indication that it was an actual magellan antenna ,  on the unit itself .  the package had a magellan cardboard insert but this was definitely not the antenna pictured
i bought a lot of panasonic stuff in the past without any problems but the picture quality on this thing is awful ,  even at the highest quality setting .  all i saw were blocky artifacts that seemed to be blinking .  i even had the dnr  ( digital noise reduction )  enabled and it didn't help .  most recordings skipped and stuttered at the beginning .  i took it back for refund and best buy told me this model is known for doing that .  i don't see how panasonic can put their name on this junk .  those cheap $99 recorders you find at walmart have better quality than this .
maybe i got a defective pair ,  but the noise cancel barely does anything ,  maybe cuts out 3% .  not worth it ,  taking back and trying something else
i have a canon s2 and these batteries last almost as long as the cheap costco non-rechargable ones .  they do take upto 8 hours to charge and amazon is correct about that .  does anyone know of good long lasting 2500 mah rechargable batteries ?
i spent $400 16 months ago on two very similar portable audiovox dvd players for my kids ,  for long roadtrips .   they were handled with care ,  never abused or exposed to severe temperatures .   i think we got about 6 trips out of them ,  then the screens went blank while in use and both units died within 24 hours of each other .   circuit city informed me the product is no longer on their shelves and referred me to audiovox ,  who will do nothing since the product is now out of warranty .   extended warranties are useless on this kind of product -- who can wait 6-8 weeks for repairs ?   parents ,  find another brand
these headphones are so expensive and they are aweful !  i dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other ;  its very annoying !  i tried to loosen it and the wire was showing ,  what a piece of s*** .  its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when i listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable .  also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily .  they are too expensive for a piece of junk !  the only reason i rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones .  instead purchase the sony srf-hm01v s2 sports walkman street style headphone radio .  i purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better  :  )
i originally placed my order with my a digital camera and this four year service plan .  three days after ,  i had to cancel my digital camera order for personal reasons .  however the $161 . 80 total i spent on this warrant did not refund automatically and nor have i received a confirmation that it will be refunded .  after several phone calls and emails of providing information for the requested refund .  they finally tell me that it will take 8 weeks for my refund to process .  that is two whole months .  horrible service i can't imagine how long it would take for them to either repair or replace my camera should it have faltered .  i would not recommend this four year service plan or any other plan by n . e . w .  customer service companies to anyone
all ports began running slow after just 6 months of use .  followed linksys rma process and they sent me a hub in return by mistake .  i followed yet another linksys rma process and had to wait two months for the replacement switch covering their mistake .  the replacement switch died after 1 week of use .  the latest rma unit ran excessively hot until the smell of burning plastic left the air and then it would not power up .  this is what i have learned about linksys :  #1 )  this should be a simple network pass-through device and it should not fail unless manufactured poorly - linksys apparently cannot make a good one .  #2 )  do not even think about turning a broken unit into linksys under their rma process ,  they will simply send you a refurbished unit and it cannot be trusted .  if these cheap switches fail they cannot be fixed and the original manufacture was flawed in the first place .  #3 )  choose a competitors product - i have had other brand switches running for years with no issues
do not waste your time in purchasing this product .   at first ,  i thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when i just want a little treat ,  but i was wrong .   the manufacture didn't think that as soon as the waffles are done ,  you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool .   well ,  instead of making one ,  you have to roll three in enough time before it cools .   i tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible ,  but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone .   it really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product ,  unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in .   and ,  to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work .   do not bother purchasing this product ,  unless you are an expert cone maker .   i did ,  however ,  went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker .   it is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom ,  but at least i have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly .   also ,  the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap .   it really is a waste of energy .   you could put batter in only one of the cone indentions ,  and do it one by one if its what you are looking for .   that could work .   all in all ,  personally it wasn't worth my time and money spent on the thing
this thing is a piece of junk !  it's the only blender i've ever seen that comes with a  " stir stick "  to unclog the sides of the jar  ( where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades )  .  this should have been a clue that the thing wasn't very well designed ,  and it wasn't .  it always needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie ,  several times ,  which made the process a real pain .  also ,  the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty .  except for the jar it's pretty cheap plastic .  but it's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months .  good riddance
for fifteen years i've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one .  he bought it on sale at cosco last spring ,  then stored it until we moved back to the states from europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in nov .   i've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk don't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will not tighten any further .   i can't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position .  .  .  to scape or to add ingredients .  i like to make crepes ,  which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating .  it's impossible with this machine .  i get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl ,  unmixed .  .  .  and the batter is full of lumps .   if i want to scape the bowl ,   ( which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk doesn't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl )  i have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time ,  and even then ,  with the paddle or whisk attached ,  it's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back .  you can't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely .  you have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand .  this takes a fair amount of force to maneuver .  it's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter .  the speeds are not variable enough .  it seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out .it's a monumental disappointment and i'm frustrated because it's been so long since he bought it ,  i can't imagine they would allow it to be returned .  so ,  i still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space
i had this machine for about 3 years with no issues .  but ,  how often do most people use their machine ?   i used it maybe 15 to 20 times .   i went to use it yesterday and all of a sudden i see smoke and the bottom of the machine and that funny electric smell  ( we all know what that smell means )  the plastic bottom of the base stuck to the machine and margarita's were everywhere  ( except in my glass )  .   we had to throw the whole machine out .   now i will be buying a new machine ,  being that i enjoyed the convenience of the spout but if i can't find one thats non plastic i will use my blender .   the smoothie maker makes less of a mess for drinks ,  a blender always doesnt pour as nice .  i will not buy another plastic model again .    ( i believe this one was a gift to me )   do yourselfs a favor and spend the extra cash on a metal version or even glass if this exists ,  obviously the motor doesn't last long and the plastic parts break to fast according to other reviews i've read .
at first we loved this pan .   we've used it quite a bit ,  but recently it has started to warp and it gets worse when it is heated .  i can no longer sear a roast and then put it in the oven because the pan is so uneven .   i've contacted all clad and am waiting to see what they say .  needless to say ,  i would have been much happier with a less expensive pan .   i am very happy with all the other all clad pans that we have ,  but this one is a disappointment
we used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year ,  but it died without warning ,  and way too soon
read the description carefully .  it states the speaker range is 50' not the microphone .  my dog stood 10' away from it and even with the sensitivity on high and her barking right at the thing it wouldn't trigger .  matter of fact i never could get it to trigger with barking .  the only time it did go off was when i put the batteries in for the first time and my husband was mowing the lawn on his big riding mower and he knocked into a chicken wire fence which made me run out to get it with the unit in my hand .  even then it didn't go off till i was about 4 feet from the mower .i also couldn't get it to just make the ultrasonic sound .  even when switched from audible to ultrasonic you still hear a noise .  not just me but my husband too so it's not a case of super human hearing on my part  : - )yes the timer option is very nice .  this was actually why i purchased this one over the others as we only wanted to stop the night barking .  but what good is the timer function if the microphone can't pick up the barking ?so read these descriptions carefully when looking at these control units .  unless your dog always barks in the same spot and you can place this unit under 4 feet from them then pick something else .
unlike the other reviewers ,  my kitchenaid cork screw worked fine for almost two years .  it never quite pulled the cork far enough out of the bottle to suit me -- it didn't make cork pulling labor-free -- but i found it much easier than any previous such tool i ever owned .  alas ,  as in many of the other reviews ,  the screw finally broke off in a cork and the device seems irreparable .  a cheap plastic cork screw had to be called into service .  i just visited the kitchenaid web page and they don't offer a cork screw for sale anymore .  i presume that i will soon toss mine as well .  planning to buy one of these for $30 ?  clint would ask you :  do you feel lucky
i bought a set recently and unfortunatley it is made in china .  we have some older ones and they are much differen
very nice ,  beats flimsy plastic .  i have broken or otherwise worn out parts of plastic measuring sets .  these will probably outlast me
granted i have never had feather pillows before so maybe this is what is to be eppected but they have no neck support whatsoever ,  they make disturbing crunching noises whenever i move my head and they positively reek like a dirty henhouse .  gross !  home on the range ain't for me .  i detest these ,  and threw them out
i have never written an online review for a product before ,  but i am so annoyed by this dumb sifter that i just had to .  i am not a  " speed "  baker of any sort ,  but i have four kids and do like to make birthday cakes ,  muffins ,  cookies ,  etc .  my old sifter was so old it was getting flecks of rust into the flour ,  so i started looking for a new one .  i chose this one after reading all the online reviews ,  and even though i saw that a few people found it slow ,  i was not prepared for how slow it really is !  i just sifted 3+ cups of confectioner's sugar for cake frosting and it took over five minutes .  as another reviewer said ,  in order to make it go faster i shook more vigorously and then had to keep changing hands because they got tired .   ( i have never ever been tired out from baking before ,  fer' pete's sake !  !  !  )  i'm not convinced that the people who designed this product have ever actually used a sifter .  i'm stuck with the thing now ,  i suppose ,  so i'll learn to just go slower .  but it is literally about one tenth the speed of my old sifter - which was just your typical grocery store thing with a crank on one side .  the one thing i really like is the caps for both ends - an innovation i'm surprised nobody else has come up with .  but that doesn't redeem the product for me .  in fact ,  if i can put my hands on another one of those old-fashioned ones  ( at a thrift store ,  maybe )  i'll snap it up and put this new one in the goodwill bin .
this item is metal and looks like an old fashioned ice crusher ,  but it is so small that it is useless .  its only 9 inches tall ,  so if you are expecting a nice big heavy duty machine ,  forget it .  i bought it because i missed the ice in the door of my old fridge ,  but after trying it several times ,  i sent it back .  it is so small that you rap your knuckles on the counter .  i dont think there is a glass made that is small enough to fit in it ,  so you have to use the little tin cup that comes with it .  i takes about three loads of ice to fill the cup ,  and about 2 cups to fill a glass .  you need 4 hands to operate it :  1 to hold the lid ,  1to turn the crank , 1to keep it from bouncing all over the place ,  and 1 to hold the little tin cup in place   ( it slides out and then the ice lands on the base )  .  then when you finally get a cup fulll of ice ,  you have to try to get it out of the tin cup and into your glass .  i broke the glass the first time i tried it .  it hass little rubber feet that fall out and disapear ,  making it even more wobbly .  but as i said in the begging ,  it is cute
i would never buy this product again .  the finish came off almost immediately .  don't waste your money
i got this with my food saver .    it cracked in just a few uses .    i'm not pleased with jardian either .    i was injured and can't talk when i tried to turn in a complaint by email .    they said i needed to get a friend or family member to call them on the phone in order to get help .    what ever happened to equal access for the handicapped ?     maybe we handicapped should take our business elsewhere
mine broke on the 3rd use !   no need to say anymore
this grinder has a small capacity  [ not as advertised ]  .   if you follow directions ,  it will only grind enough for 4 cups at a time .  also ,  for some reason it generates a static charge and there is coffee dust all over the counter after emptying it .  the cord is stiff and the cord storage is inconvienient .  finally ,  it is much more noisy than my old one
we purchased the cuisinart smartpower blender for smoothies and light duty blending duties .   it's a nicely designed unit  ,  very stable on the countertop ,  but very poor quality gear drive .   after a couple dozen uses ,  the motor gear wheel broke ,  apparently a common problem on these cuisinarts ,  as noted by other reviewers .   cuisinart customer service is worthless - it costs more to ship and repair the unit than to replace it .replaced the worthless cuisinart with a kitchenaid .   would recommend avoiding cuisinart blenders due to this gear design flaw
after 5 washings ,  these towels still shed like a mother .  grrr
let me begin with a positive note on the oxo good grips oven mitt :   it looks great and the magnet is a good idea .  now for the negative aspects of this item :   it's way over-priced ,  especially for how poorly it is designed .  the way this oven mitt is designed does not give you a  " good grip ,  "  which is ironic since it's called the  " oxo good grips "  oven mitt .   it's hard to explain ,  but the silicone part is somewhat stiff and when you put your hand in the mitt ,  you cannot easily grab things ,  especially if what you're trying to grab is small  ( like a pan lid )  or narrow  ( like the handles on a roaster pan )  .   it's like this mitt was designed as though the only thing anyone uses an oven mitt for is to take hot cookie sheets out of the oven .  i decided not to give it one star only because it does a good job of insulating your hand from high temperatures .   i strongly suggest that if you are considering purchasing this oxo mitt ,  you should go to a store and try it on first to see what you think about the design .
i owned a rival crockpot for 20 years and was very happy with it .   when it stopped working i therefore bought another  ( this one )  from rival .   i've used it twice .   the top doesn't seem to keep the liquid in ,  even on low ,  and it burned the food both times .   i don't trust it now and am not sure whether i'll try it again .
i received this saute pan for xmas .   i have other caphalon  ( no-stick )  pans and was delighted ,  based on claimed attributes of their top-of-line pan .   however ,  my pan did not have a flat bottom which is a problem on an electric range .  i returned to caphalon and hav'nt heard a thing .  i tired to claim lost but ups has proof of delivery - i would like to get a known reliable brand .  i dislike poor products ,  am extremly disappointed with the service and total inconvience of the warranty program .
the only thing i do not like of this pitcher is its lid .  the lid is not quite sealed so that the water could leak from the back and wet your sleeve .  even worse ,  sometimes the lid fell off .  you have to be careful while using it .  not recommend
i was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when i found this product ,  however ,  it didn't last very long .after less than two months use in my gas oven ,  this liner turned white and brittle because the non-stick surface had baked off !   i have never baked above 425 degrees ,  so the claims that it will withstand 550 degrees are outlandish .   don't waste your money
it leaked from the bottom seam the first time i used it .   but i guess you get what you pay for .
we own a set of 2-man pro series and this set did not even compare .  returned them the same day they arrived to my house
i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for a small batch i have been frying for about 10 years and know how to cook very well and i have to say this is just as bad as frying on the stove .  i put the oil to the max fill line and with cooking the two things the oil went down to the min line do not buy .
bought the machine ,  and got the correct flour .   made up the dough ,  and that was a success .   followed the instructions ,  used the vice to hold the machine to the table ,  then started off by cleaning the machine with a small piece of dough to get rid of machine oil .all that worked well .then i started to make pasta .   making the sheets was fine ,  but as soon as i cut them into noodles it all went wrong .   they started to stick together .   my wife and i ended up having to work together ,  flouring the noodles as they came out of the machine to stop them sticking .but the pasta was delicious .   i guess it just takes a bit of practice .   in future i will leave the dough longer in the fridge to  " rest "  before rolling it ,  and have a mini-production line ready to catch and flour the cut noodles .the machine works great ,  i have no problems with it .   it is cheap ,  it may fall apart ,  but for this price who really cares ?i can't wait to try making my own pasta tricolore .   and i want to try lasagne ,  ravioli and canneloni .   that way we can freeze our own pasta for easy re-heating .   healthy tv dinners here we come
this product stands up to heavy use without fraying or melting .  my only complaint ,  and it's a significant one ,  is the shape of the handle .   i find it awkward and clunky .   it's probably great for people with larger hands .   i've decided to replace mine with cheaper ones .
i have purchased this item twice .  the first barely made it through a grill season and the second proved even less hearty .  the grill gets too hot for the wire and it burns through leaving two pices of probe wire .  there is no way to use this with a grill and get sustained use from it .  the same is true of all brands .  .  models sold as  " wireless "  are not wireless in terms of going from the meat to outside of the grill .   somebody needs to figure out how to make this tool without the probe wire .  that said ,  before it becomes useless ,  it works really well .  maybe the idea is to buy these by the case ?
i returned this the day it arrived .  i heated the obligatory 4 cups of water as per instructions .  left the room and came back in 20 minutes .  the warning light was not lit .  i moved the crock to the side to see if i had not properly plugged it in since the light was out .  i brushed my hand against the exterior lip and received a first degree burn .  farberwear company customer service said  " the light is a little dim "  but you should be able to see it .  yes ,  you can see it if you look up from below the crockpot you will see a faint glow .  the crock pot sits very loosely in its container leaving a large gap between the food container and the heater housing . heat escapes through these gaps which accounts for the overheated exterior .  i would advise those with kids ,  especially ,  to find another slow cooker
i should have simply repaired our old toaster that worked well ,  and reliably ,  for eight years .   too busy ,  first i bought a braun toaster  ( looked great ,  had major problems actually toasting )  ,  then i bought this krup toaster ,  and guess what ,  it looks great but has trouble actually toasting .   starting with the first piece of toast all is well  ( hence two stars instead of one )  .   however ,  after the toaster is warmed up ,  the timing/heat regulation becomes totally useless .   you have to toast ,  toast again ,  toast again .   fancy digital count-down-timer doesn't help much at that point !   in researching toasters ,  did i mention i should have repaired my old toaster when it broke ,  i read a review where it was suggested that 'toasters have been around a hundred years ,  it can't be that hard ! '  i thought it funny at the time ,  but having now spent over $150 on two worthless toasters i find myself saying  " toasters have been around for over a 100 years ,  it can't be that hard !  "   i hope braun and/or krup don't make medical devices or we are in trouble .
i ordered 2 sets of four in case there was any breakage .  .  . and guess what .  .  . 1 ramekin was broken leaving me with 7 dishes .   to top it off ,  a few days later ,  i found a comparable set ,  slightly larger ,  at big lots ,  for only $7 for four .   of course this is always the risk we take through mail order .  .  . often it is not worth the time or trouble to get refunds or replacements
it may work o . k .  for melons ,  but the handle is extremely uncomfortable and ackward to grip when attempting to scoop ice cream .   in addition ,  the shape of the scoop bowl makes it difficult to get a full scoop of ice cream
i was happy with the performance of the strainer .  .  . easy to clean ,  fit well over the edges of pans ,  etc .  but only a month after i received it ,  the handle snapped right off .  i was draining a can of vegetables ,  so it doesn't seem to me that was overdoing it .  i'll definitely check the fastenings on the next strainer i buy
the first time i used it ,  the weld holding the scoop to the handle broke ,  leaving the scoop in the ice cream and the handle in my hand
bought one recently from a mervyns sale .   rice burned especially at the bottom  ( black & crunchy )  .   so i returned and got another one in case the 1st one was defective .   nope ,  did the same thing .   so next go around ,  i added more water ,  but still the rice tasted funny- a burned taste- although the rice didn't burn as much this time .   for the cost and design ,  i was hoping this would be a great rice cooker .   design element is cool especially wiith the retractable cord ,  however ,  this cooker can't even perfom its main purpose- just plainly cook rice without burning it .   yes ,  i did add enough water and followed instructions and used the measuring cup .   hopefully they'll improve it .   better yet ,  maybe krups can design a better abd sleek-looking yet working rice cooker
as another reviewer experienced ,  our krups also leaks coffee all over the counter and subsequently the floor quite often ,  which is apparently related to having to have the carafe situated in just exactly the right place within a half a millimeter ,  and which place i have not yet discovered except occasionally by chance .   carafe positioning appears to be the problem ,  because it doesn't leak every time .   maybe my unit is defective ,  because other reviewers don't mention this ,  and believe me ,  you would notice this if it were occurring with yours .the opening to pour in water is relatively small ,  but i don't have a huge problem with it .  be aware there is no automatic shut off .   it makes a fine cup of coffee for this non-coffee-gourmet ,  and i don't have a problem with spilling when i pour from the carafe into a cup .   but the leaking is forcing me to find another machine .i wish i could find a reasonably-priced ,  non-leaking 12-cup machine with removable water reservoir ,  no-drip carafe ,  programmable ,  auto shut-off ,  easy-to-find replacement carafe and removable filter basket but alas ,  even on amazon . com ,  that machine does not appear to exist .   my sister has such a machine  ( mr .  coffee urx23 )  ,  but that model has been discontinued .
i have a kitchenaid model k5sswh heavy duty mixer and they do not fit over my 5 qt bowl .   i regrettably only read the editorial review and bought these covers thinking i can snap them on .  i use them to loosely cover my attachments now ,  but i could have used anything for that
these sheets are not quality .  they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them .  the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior .  they are not a bargain
i honestly liked the blender a lot .   i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's kitchenaid appliances-- range ,  refrigerator ,  dishwasher ,  pretty much everything other than the toaster oven .   at the time ,  there could be no better blender .   it looked great .   it promised professional performance .   it had kitchenaid's brand and durability behind it .i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie .   there is some amount of ice crushing required ,  but that shouldn't be an issue .   i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user .   so ,  3 years after i got the blender ,  i went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button .   changed outlets and still nothing .   it's done .   what an incredible dissappointment .but ,  it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool (  ?  )  .   first ,  my dishwasher broke  ( 3 repair jobs )  then my stand mixer's seals are loose .   i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing ,  i got no where .   the fridge has minor issues  ( loose rails ,  pieces not refitting )  and is probably the best of the lot .i did some research .   apparently ,  kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products .   so ,  realistically ,  there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything .   everything is just a re-branded product .   whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it .from a once kitchenaid loyalist ,  avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last .   avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
even though its a 10 "  bowl ,  its not deep enough for salads
well ,  i'm not terribly impressed with this metal rotary grater .   yes ,  it will grate cheese ,  but the gap between the drum and compartment that holds the cheese is a little over 1/4 of an inch .   this allows for the cheese to get 'gummed' up and eventually that large wad just falls through .   also ,  for harder cheeses this means you're constanty picking out chunks of cheese that should have been grated .i've yet to find a rotary grater i'm happy with .   i've broken several plastic models within 2 days of owning them .   while i've yet to break this metal model ,  it just doesn't perfrom very well .   i'm still using my stand-up grater
this is not a very good hot tea brewer .   the tea doesn't steep hardly at all and there is no difference between the strength settings .   the water is also not heated to boiling .   it is really just a glorified coffee maker .   you would be better off purchasing a more traditional teapot for far less money
we have had this toaster for approximately 3 yrs .   it has had mimimal use as wevacation away from home in the winter  (  4 months at least )  .   there are just twopeople using this toaster and on an average only  use it twice a week .   the toaster isa part time toaster ,  sometimes it will toast both sides sometimes not .   it hasnow become a total pain as the mechanism to hold the bread down has stoppedworking .    i thought that a cuisinart would last for ever .   i owned a very cheaptoaster for over 35 years ,  gave it to my sons to use in college .   that toaster stillfunctions properly but is small and a 2 slicer .   it will come out of the attic untilwe can find a better company than cuisinart with a better product
mine broke and started smoking while i was making hummus  ( not even something tougher like ice )  .   kitchenaid won't fix it .   there are many much cheaper but nicer ones on the market
my first cuisinart 4-slice toaster developed a dangerous problem after the 3-month warantee period :  it started heating when not turned on ,  and made strange clicking sounds .   it never had toasted very well ,  and only toasted lightly on the darkest setting .   to their great credit ,  cuisinart replaced the toaster for the shipping cost alone  ( although it took 3 months )  .  the replacement toaster also toasts very lightly ,  very slowly ,  but at least it's not an immediate fire hazard
very disappointed in this product .  it falls apart everytime you try to slice a piece of bread .  the wooden crumb box gouges very easily as well .  just a piece of flimsy plastic .   :  (  i ended up buying a much less expensive bread keepr that came with a slicing guide ,  about half the price and it works great  :
i honestly liked the blender a lot .   i received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's kitchenaid appliances-- range ,  refrigerator ,  dishwasher ,  pretty much everything other than the toaster oven .   at the time ,  there could be no better blender .   it looked great .   it promised professional performance .   it had kitchenaid's brand and durability behind it .i use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie .   there is some amount of ice crushing required ,  but that shouldn't be an issue .   i certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user .   so ,  3 years after i got the blender ,  i went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button .   changed outlets and still nothing .   it's done .   what an incredible dissappointment .but ,  it seems to me that the kitchenaid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by whirlpool (  ?  )  .   first ,  my dishwasher broke  ( 3 repair jobs )  then my stand mixer's seals are loose .   i called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing ,  i got no where .   the fridge has minor issues  ( loose rails ,  pieces not refitting )  and is probably the best of the lot .i did some research .   apparently ,  kitchenaid is just licensing its name out on various products .   so ,  realistically ,  there is no such thing as kitchenaid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything .   everything is just a re-branded product .   whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it .from a once kitchenaid loyalist ,  avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last .   avoid all kitchenaid products because they really are not what they once were
i used my hoover agility for the first time and the suction quit after 5 minutes .  i followed all the trouble shooting instructions and it still didn't work .  i called hoover and spoke with a rep who was basically reading out of the manual .  i sat on hold for 21 minutes only to hear a manager tell me that they cannot give out technical information because it's against their policy .  i guess this is to ensure their hoover service centers get the business .  i'm returning the hoover and never purchasing a hoover again .
i ,  too ,  own several kitchenaid products and have been delighted with previous products .  when i needed a new coffee maker ,  i decided to switch brands to kitchenaid based on prior history with the company .however ,  this is the worst coffee maker i've ever owned ,  including cheaper models .   i'm now on my second coffee pot after kitchenaid sent me a new one when the one i ordered failed .   while the company has been more than understanding ,  i hesitate to call again because i don't even want another one .   getting my money back shouldn't lie with the hands of the seller i purchased it from .here's the problem .   after a week of use ,  the water and grounds kept spilling over and coffee was not draining into the pot ,  saturating the electric plate and my kitchen floor .  when i could get it just right  ( standing there holding the carafe in place )  ,  the coffee tasted burnt .i thought i had a defective product ,  but the new one is starting to do the same thing .  the carafe does not stay in place and slides forward when placed on the electric plate  ( until there is enough coffee dispensed .  the coffee carafe is supposed to push  ( when it's in the right place )  on the plastic piece that releases the coffee .   it's a design problem .   it's definitely cheaply made .  i have to stand next to my coffee maker as it's brewing to make sure the coffee is dripping .believe me ,  i wouldn't have bothered writing this if i didn't think it might save someone else the headaches .  buy something else !  it's not worth the hassle .
door advance feature broke after several weeks .  lower heating element broke after six months .  customer service refused to stand behind the product ,  stating that the warranty was expired .  note to buyer- warranty is one year from time of manufacture- not the date you actually receive it as a gift or purchase it .  the knobs on the unit are like a child's toy- cheap and plastic .  this is a highly disappointing product- i doubt we will buy another delonghi product again
i bought this vac to help clean up behind my 19 month old daughter and my 2 pets .   i used it once without a problem ,  seemed to work reasonably well for a hand vac .   the 2nd time i used it i was cleaning up kitty litter tracked from the litter box .   the 1st pass went fine but then as i was getting ready to make a 2nd pass to finish the job it started whining and it stopped working .   i turned the machine off ,  checked for any clogs or hair of any kind that may be causing the interference but i found nothing .   i manually moved the brush around a couple of times without a problem ,  so i turned it back on .   it was still not working and then within 2 seconds it started to smell like something was burning .   i turned it off and it was smoking pretty heavily ,  which lasted for at least 2-3 minutes before cooling off .  don't waste your $$ on this and more importantly don't risk your safety with this fire trap
i've been happy with many other kitchenaid products ,  but this one is pure junk .  the pasta roller attachment that kitchenaid also offers is great ,  but the width of it is so close to the size of this ravioli press ,  that the edges of the ravioli barely have enough dough to seal - and many of them pop open .it's worth noting that although this does in fact attach to a standing mixer ,  it does not use the mixer's motor .  you have to manually turn the crank with your hand .i returned this piece of junk ,  and bought the villaware v5500 10-square ravioli maker for $18 .  save yourself some money and do the same
i just got one of these nifty looking canisters ,  but mineseems to spell out  " tea of cowage "   !  lol .  .it seems the script of the u merged with the r and thus made a 'w' .  .there is no space between the lower case u and r .too funny !thanks pfaltzgraff !  good production quality control !if i could post a picture of it here in this review i would !edit :  i did get a second one of these shipped from amazon ,  and that one also had the misspelling .will someone who has purchased one of these recently please post a review and mention if this product still says  " tea of cowage "  ?thanks
i recently got this set and the 2 piece carving set of the same series .  i know i should not have expected much for this great price ,  but the knives do not have anywhere as good a feel as the classic line of wusthof or the henckels 4 or 5 star knives .  they are very light in weight ,  mostly due to the handles .  much better than a target or kmart knife ,  and great to start ,  but i expect to switch mine out with 'real' knives as my budget will allow
at first i was pretty happy with the grater ,  but after a few days of use i started to notice that i was getting small shavings of metal as well as shredded cheese .  i am no longer using it and would not recomend it to anyone
we just replaced our entire kitchen dishware with the sango brown - mistake .  .  . even bought the added pieces .  .  . well ,  we only hand wash them  ( we have a dishwasher but rarely use it )  .   in the first week ,  a plate broke in half right down the middle .  .  . then a week later ,  a second .  .  . and tonight ,  a third .  . all three directly down the middle of the plate while hand washing .  .  ( not rough washing either )  .   i have a call into sango and hopefully they will resolve it .   after reading the reviews here ,  i would have to agree that its not worth the danger of broken dishes  ( my wife sliced her finger pretty good on the second broken one )  to buy these .   i am going to try to find a set that will go with all the extras i bought from sango .  . i am hoping i don't have to replace everything !   what a mess !   sango ,  why cut corners on such a beautiful set ?  ?   im at a loss here to figure out that business logic
i bought this back in 1999 ,  and i love the way it cooks chicken and salmon steaks ,  but it's not built to last .   first ,  after about 3 years ,  the tracks where the door slips onto the bottom broke off due to the screws being too tight ,  and then the 5th year ,  the knob broke off ,  so i have to use pliers to turn it on .   it still cooks chicken great ,  but after trying to superglue the  " feet "  back on and the knob ,  they broke again right away .cleaning is a pain ,  and the non-stick stuff got scraped right off .  the food tray that goes on top is hard to clean too .don't try to cook burgers in the basket ,  because they shrink as the fat drips out ,  no matter how tight you make the basket ,  and they start sliding around and falling apart as they hit each other .cooking times were always longer than the cookbook says .i used the skewers once to cook some ribs ,  and they're so flimsy ,  that they kept falling off the spit from the weight of the ribs .i still use it ,  but i wouldn't buy a 2nd one after reading all the reviews .   i think i'll try a george foreman one next time
i like the calphalon contemporary line a great deal ,  and so i was pleased to find the steamer insert that fit my pan .   but my first attempt to use it was a failure--the small steamer holes  ( and not very many of them )  are easily covered by the food to be steamed ,  leaving the insert to function like a double boiler .   after working for close to an hour to steam summer squash  ( which should take 20 minutes at most )  ,  i gave up and dumped the squash into the steaming water and boiled it .   i'm sure that some foods will steam in this pan ,  but items that lay flat like sliced vegetables will be a problem
i have to admit that this is not as handy as i hoped .   it is big and clumsy and it's a little too flexable
i am very disappointed in this product .   i followed all the  " mfgs .  directions "  on how to keep this board in great shape but it didn't matter .  the board bowed and cracked after about 2 months  ( 30 days over the amazon warranty of course .  .  .  .  )   it's so badly curved we are waiting for it to turn into a sphere .
first 5 minutes :  feels like having a cold towel on your neckafter 5 minutes :  feels like you are wearing a warm/hot wet block on your neck
i researched a lot before buying this slow cooker .  i have a nesco roaster that i love and use often .  i needed a large slow cooker .  i started researching .  started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot .  i wanted a good one .  the cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and i thought well even it cooks faster that is fine .  i will just watch it until i get used to it and go from there .  every dish i have watched .  . they all cooked in less than half the allotted time .  today i made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within one hour .  way too hot .  i called cuisinart several times and they said i may have a defective unit .  well i doubt it .  i just think it runs hot .  i really was dismayed because i love the size and the design of this cooker .  really was not up to par with cuisinart products that i know and love .let me also say that i am a good cook .  i feel that i know my way around any appliance .  i was not happy that i was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but i was ok to give it a try .  it is not at all what i expected .  i read the other reviews here and wish i would have taken heed of them .  i had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best .if you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker ,  stop ,  get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster .  you can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen .
i bought this item on sale at shopko ,  where it will be returned today .   i froze the gel disk as instructed ,  bought all the ingredients listed in the recipe booklet for vanilla ice cream ,  cooled the ingredients after mixing as instructed .   after 45 minutes of mixing i ended up with ice cream soup .  you could let this thing run forever and never end up with ice cream that is set up enough to eat .   i put it in a container in the freezer .   the next morning i had an ice cream brick .   not to be deterred i microwaved it for 15 seconds until it was soft enough to actually remove with my metal ice cream scoop .   this stuff gets harder than cement !   after all this work the ice cream had a bad plastic-like aftertaste .   i had to throw it all out .if this isn't enough to deter you keep in mind that the  " heavy cream "  called for in most of the recipes listed in the booklet costs a pretty hefty price .   i paid $2 . 50 for the heavy cream listed to make 1 . 5 quarts of ice cream .   that price doesn't even include the other ingredients listed .buyer beware
arrived defective , right out of the box .  will not oscillate ;  something inside is obviously amiss . so why even bother with it
i was actually satisfied with this slicer until i needed to clean it .   when you remove the blade ,  there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle ,  plastic  " fingers "  .   an intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy ,  brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal .mine broke on the 4th cleaning ;  now the blade is extremly difficult to align ,  and it wobbles if you leave the part off .   waring's website does not offer this part for sale ,  and customer service has not yet returned my call .updated march 24 ,  2006 :   customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw .   this is more difficult ,  and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal .they did send me a new ring or seal ,  but i had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong .   all of the fingers had broken off the seal ,  so i had to use duct tape to reapply it .   and the blade really wobbles now .i see a few people really liked this slicer ;  i suspect they had not cleaned it before writing
just bought this item this week ,  was very excited about using it for the first time .  turned out to be a huge mess .  the stove turned black right under the grill ,  it took like 20 min to clean it up ,  burned up mess .  also there there is soo much smoke coming from the grill i had to shut off the smoke detector for a while .  overall the food came out pretty good but the mess with the stove really upset me .
the cooking set looks great .   however ,  once you heat the pot/ pan ,  the steel material handles become super hot .   i have to return the huge box
the holes are really small .  this grater is suitable for hard cheeses like romano ,  but forget using it for a softer cheese like cheddar .
this thing is a workhorse .  .  .  i use it every day .  mine's been going strong for over five years now .  i just wish they'd bring back the translucent colors .  i love being able to see at a glance whether the kettle has water in it or not .  with the current opaque black or white models that's not possible .
we have a full line of fiesta dishware and thought having the matching flatware would be nice .  after a year of standard use and dishwashing ,  about 1/3 of the flatware is unusable .  the upside is that it is cheap and replaceable .  but count me among those who would rather pay more for something that lasts .  we are in the process of ditching the fiesta flatware line and moving to something more robust .pros :  retro stylish .  inexpensive compared to quality flatware .cons :  very poorly made ,  expensive if you need to replace 1/3 of flatware ever year
the colour is pretty but the sheets shrink quite a lot after washing  ( in cold water )  .   i bought a queen set for a full bed and they still don't fit properly after careful washing  .  i would recommend buying a king set for a full bed .  this was my first experience with cotton jersey sheets so i didn't know what to expect but i wouldn't buy them again
purchased the unit about 6 months ago and have never been happy with it .  the heating plate under the pot started to rust ;  the pot leaks every time it's poured ;  it's almost impossible to pour water into the water chamber without spilling it ;  the handle of the coffee basket broke within a few months ;  and two days ago the entire top of the unit snapped off when we opened it to pour in the water .  we purchased this unit because of the cuisinart brand and the stainless steel carafe .  we will not purchase another
i tried to chill my white wine in seven minutes and it was still warm .  they say chill ,  but what does that really mean ?  they should say what temperature it chills to in 7 minutes .  i guess that is why they have a 15 minute timer .  also the description does not state that you have to add water so it is just as messy as an ice bucket and as much work .
i like the solid construction but i also like strong coffee .   this machine does not  " spray the entire filter basket "  .  instead ,  water dribbles out of a 2-inch diameter ring ,  leaving dry grounds at the end of the brew cycle .  i sent the first one back .   the replacement does the same thing .   kitchenaid customer service confirms that ,  despite the discription on amazon ,  the unit does not spray the entire filter basket .   i'm sending the replacement back also .  if you love strong coffee ,  don't buy this machine
upon opening the box i found that the information given in the buying information for this product did not reflect the actural product .  for one thing it only fits unright windtunnel models that use bags .   this hose is for models beginning with u53 ,  u54 and u64 only
this light is made of cheap plastic ,  has a faulty switch ,  and broke down within an hour of use .  no good ,  waste of money ,  will not order from american science again .  very bad experience .  no response from company when i complained ,  would like my money back ,  and then some
i got them free with purchase of wamsutta sheets .  these blankets are of really cheap quality .  thin ,  mesh-like texture .  threads get loose at the ends .  leaving traces of fabric everywhere .  i got rid of it cause i am afraid the loose ends and fabric may be swallowed by babies
this product had the best reviews but the performance was not at all verygood .  i found it very awkward to roll the litter box .  you still have tobend down and tip the litter box all the way over to get the clumpsinto the pull out tray .  and that's the clumps that aren't stuck in thelitter filter piece ,  which gets easily clogged and is not reallysomething i want to deal with cleaning .  besides not all clumps goinginto the tray ,  lots of unused litter ended up in the tray as well .also ,  i bought the 'regular' size one and the filter piece goes almostright in the middle of the space so the usable cat space was verysmall .  needless to say i returned the litter box and was so glad tohave the old fashioned scoop litter box
i have not tried this pasta attachment a second time - i'm afraid of harming the motor .   the mixer became very hot and oil even leaked out .   i going to get the mixer checked/serviced and not risk damage again .  one thing missing from these reviews is the mixer models used .  perhaps those with the heavier motors work better ?   i have the smaller motor  ( 250 w )  k45ss mixer .   surely kitcheaid must read these reviews .  i would expect some additional user information for this product on their website ,  but see nothing .  very disappointing product and consumer support .   come on kitchenaid - give more info and/or offer to give $$ credit for return of this questionable product
i got this rice cooker about 8 months ago ,  and i have probably used it once a week since then .  it most certainly makes better rice than i could before  ( cooking in a pot on the stove )  ,  but the results are often inconsistent .sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom .  i think i need to up the liquid to rice ratio .  it just occured to me after reading some other reviews that i may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as  " 1 cup "  ,  not 1 real cup .   : /i use the steamer basket to steam shrimp all the time though ,  and it works fabulously
i expected the dishes to be more substantial .  the plates are very light and thin ,  more like melamine in feel .  the colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what i expected .  very disappointed with the cups- i bought two sets ,  and only 1 of the 8 cups had almost the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded  ( kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink )  they looked like ,  either rejects , or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time
i was so excited to receive my delonghi caffe sorrento bar4 4-cup espresso/cappuccino machine .being an experienced expresso drinker i started to brew my expresso ,  needless to say the frother works so so good you do not even have to turn it on .   water and steam everywhere ,  also the frother does not turn off ,  i tried so hard that the knob came off .   i was very dissapointed
very ,  very ,  disappointed and irritated .   humbug ,    i ordered this rice cooker and i just received it today .   i really wish ,  i had read some of the reviews above .   the description on this site clearly states that the rice cooker stays warm for 5 hours !the manual clearly states it does not .   i bought it because of the keep warm for 5 hours promise .   i can get a cheap ,  basic  cook and shut off  at wal-mart for  $12  here in georgia .i'll be sending it back tomorrow ,  and i'm very upset that i have to take the time to do it ,    humbug ! ~  i like amazon  . com ,  but i'm really mad about this .   no christmas rice for me
we got this as a wedding gift and it worked ok for about 2 years ,  but there are 2 plastic parts that have broken in the last month making it unusable .  would not recommend this machine or this brand to anyon
i purchesed this product not too long ago and whoever disigned it should take a look at the silverware basket .   they sould come up with a better way to drain the silverware because the silverware basket hangs over the counter in every position i tried .   needless to say ,  i took it back because the basket would have drained my silverware all over my counter and not in the drain board .  i think its a nice dish rack but the basket has to be redisigned to drain in the drain board and not over the counter .  looks are very decieving ,  in the picture it looks like the basket is over the drain board but its not .   i hope this helps others before they decide to buy this product
while it worked ,  it worked great .   but then it stopped working .   only 10 months of use .   ordered a new probe ,  but that didn't work .   now ,  it's just an expensive timer .   would've received three stars ,  but the polder site and service not helpful .   will try the taylor model ,  good luck with analog taylor thermometers .   once you get used to these types of thermometers ,  it's hard to go back .   the precision in cooking ,  especially for chicken and pork ,  can make a big difference
my knives started to rust after 3wks of use .   i didn't put them in the dishwasher either .   i just leave them in the sink w/the dirty dishes till i'm ready to wash .   but that shouldn't be the problem .   i have a cheap $3 butcher's knife from chinatown that hasn't rusted yet and i treat that one the same
these towels are soft and fluffy ,  but the towels are not absorbent .  just as other reviewers have stated ,  the towels don't absorb water ,  rather the water rests on the surface of the towels
it looked like a great idea ,  just what i needed to get my older golden in and out of my jeep .   problem is ,  there is a serious crush hazard because of the weight and design .   there is a finger &quot ; crush area&quot ;  near the hinges where a user would most likely grasp the ramp to fold it .  i have mashed fingers several times and sustained a moderately serious crushed finger the last time i used it .   if i can't make it safe with a saw ,  then out it goes .   it's too dangerous for anyone in my family to use
we're a small restaurant  ( 16 seats )  ,  serving dinner 4 nights a week ,  and we use the blender for soups ,  caesar dressing ,  etc .  ,  once or twice a week ,  but never use ice in it or anything like that .  we've had two of this same model now ,  and had the same problem with both of them .  the black collar ,  the part of the base where you set the container ,  is plastic ,  and on both blenders has broken .  the first time it lasted almost a year ,  and we figured that wasn't too bad -- especially when you compare the cost to a true commercial/professional blender ,  which are $300+ .  also ,  we really like the blender in terms of function ,  so we picked up another one .  this time ,  the exact same thing happene ,  except that the collar cracked within 2 weeks !  !my other complaint is that i found waring customer service to be disinterested & unhelpful -- especially because i contacted them about buying a new model ,  not about problems with the one we had .  i saw a model on their website but no purchasing info was listed ;  i emailed to find out where to purchase ,  and the rep seemed almost inconvenienced by my inquiry
not sure how other people have been able to make a real loaf of bread with this ,  but i certainly could not .   i made three attempts ,  all failures for various reasons .   either it did not mix ,  or the dough was so hard it knocked the pan off its base ,  or it created pebbles of dough .   it definitely can not be left unattended ,  which defeats the purpose of delay start .   it bakes ok though ,  but you better do all the upfront work yourself .   ps .  i was using the recipes that come with the maker
only had this coffee maker  (  second replacement )  one year and it leaked from all over my counter .  i asked for a replacement ,  crazy huh ,  and was told no my time had run out .  well i am off on a hunt for a good coffee maker .  this was not it  !  !  do not waste your money
i can't believe someone uses this pan to cook eggs !  i have tried several cooking oils and butter ,  and everything sticks to this pan ,  making it very difficult to clean .  my husband won't even use it .i have reverted to my tried and true cast iron pan that never lets me down .  even the cheapo stainless pans i got at ross are better than this .terrible
don't bother buying the pots .   after only 2 months use ,  the inside edges are cracking off  ( i hand wash all the pots )  .   i have a fry pan of another brand that i have used for over 3 years and this never happened .   in addition ,  in spite of purchasing the 12 piece set and three additional pans ,  they refused to give me a $20 . 00 promised rebate .   i'm ready to junk the set
i received my taylor professional  [ and ]  it appeared to be behaving normally except it shut itself off after 4 to 7 minutes even while its readings were changing .  now ,  it is supposed to save its battery life by shutting off if there is no change in its temperature reading for 10 minutes ,  but it should stay on if its readings are changing .  the temperatures were no where near the extremes of the thermometer's range ,  so this wasn't a case of shutting down because of that .   .  .  .  i e-mailed the manufacturer about the problem and was told i could return it to them for replacement .  i did this and less than three weeks later received a new one from them .  surprise ,  surprise -- this one behaved the same way ,  shutting off after 4 or 5 minutes even while its readings were changing .  i e-mailed taylor again about this and suggested they check out their existing supply of this model ,  as i suspected they had many that were shutting down like this .   .  .  .  approximately two weeks later  .  .  .  i received another package from them containing one of their model 9845 thermometers ,  a different model !  i received no communications from taylor about this ,  other than their original e-mail stating i could return my original thermometer to them for replacement .  i don't know what i'll do now .  i would like a properly functioning 9878  .  .  .
to be fair ,  the design is great looking ,  size is ideal ,  and very functional .   however ,  beware of quality and packaging .   whoever packaged this in thailand did not take care ,  it has nicks and scratches everywhere .  . not to mention the dings in corners .   paint in all the panels is inconsistent .  . therefore ,  you can see different colorations throughout different panels .   it is somewhat redish in stain tone ,  could be darker to be a true dark walnut .   manufacturing flaws such as missing drill holes ,  which makes it tough when assembling .  .  . got screws ,  just missing screw holes .   i only recommend to those with a nack of wood handyman ,  not for the average person .   recommend you need the following tools :  drill with phillips screw heads and drill bits ( just in case )  ,  small bottle of dark wood stain ( to touch up painting the scratches )  ,  and some patience .to continue ,  beware when placing this table on a true flat surface ,  it may have uneven stance .  .  . ok on carpeting .   and beware if displaying in bright lit areas .  .  . people may see the different paint tones ,  and difference between the two table .   lasting ,  it is not 100% solid wood ,  some panels have veneer over particle board .   heck ,  what do you expect for $69bucks .  .
this egg slicer would seem to be a smart design since it will do slices and wedges .   however ,  the wires consistently get snagged in the slots and break .   also ,  it does not accomodate jumbo eggs well .
i brought t-fal pans from my local sam's club wearhouse ,  and initially ,  the pans worked great .  this is my review after about 1 . 5 years of use :1 .  the handle on the lid  ( plastic )  broke after about a year .2 .  the non stick coating began to crack from regular use in about about 6 month ,  and it got so bad that i tossed the pan out in about a year and half .3 .  the handle broke twice on me and for both time i super glued them back on .  on the third time ,  i just tossed them out and got an expensive anolon titanium non-stick set .4 .  the pan is not made of aluminum and there are  " hot / cold "  spots on the pan .  the hot / cold spot is caused by uneven distribution of heat .  a good pan ,  generally with copper or aluminum core will evenly distribute heat .  this pan does not .bottom line :do not use this pan in the oven eventhough the instruction said up to 400 degrees .  the handle will and did crack on me for 3 times with occasional oven use .the pan is thin ,  and does not distribute heat well .  and the worst :  the non-stick coating is a joke .i found out that it's actually cheaper to get a expensive set and use it for like 10 years instead of getting a cheap set for a third of the price and replace it every 2 years or less .not recommended .
hoover has a known problem with the belts stretching out on all the self propelled vacuums ,  but will do nothing for customers stuck with them !  we must replace the drive and propel belts every couple of months .  rediculous poor customer servic
i bought this thinking i would be able to regulate the size ,   ( i have had my other coffee grinder for 10 yr .  still works )  ,  to say it is loud is an understatement ,  & 1st thing in the am .   i had it about 2 weeks ,  when i noticed it was hot to the touch ,  and it no longer worked ,  mind you i had not used it in 2 days ,  and had moved it to clean .   i have not contacted them at this point ,  but do not want a replacement ,  and a part of me is glad it broke ,  so i don't have to listen to the noise anymore
my screwpull lever model broke after opening roughly 40 bottles over 1+year .   locked up and when i pulled a little harder it stripped a gear  ( the notches into which the gear meshes are only plastic .  )i suspect the lockup during the twist-cork-in -then-lift-up cycle was due to worn part within the screw housing .in any event ,  it's unacceptable for something this expensive to fail withsuch limited use .   at the very least ,  the gear mechanism should be stainless steel vice metal-plastic to provide better wear .plus ,  we just talking about a stupid corkscrew .   how hard /costly would it be to build something decent vice a piece of overpriced yuppy crap ?  ?
we were so looking forward to fresh lemondade .  the moment the salton arrived we opened the box ,  pulled out the lemons we had bought in anticipation and began juicing .  on the 5'th lemon the gears stripped and the juicer no longer turned when applying even the slightest amount of pressure to the lemon .  we were all very disappoined ,  my 5 kids and i  :   (  i had hoped for better after reading the great reviews written by some of the others .
owned four diffrent styles .  all of them worked ok but !  !  !  the pitchers cracked ,  all of them !  !  !  ! my last new mr .  coffee pitchers lasted 3 months and cracked  ( tea went all over the counter and floor )   if you just make tea once in a while it may be ok but i make 3 pitcher's a day with three tea makers sitting in the kithen on a old compter desk .  the hamilton beach has lasted 5 years with only one pitcher , it works good i'm ordering 2 more to replace the 2 mr coffee because all my pitchers cracked .  i know most people don't drink that much , but i do .
great sugar dish ,  fantastic colour ,  but amazon's shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off .  i ordered this twice and had it take well over a month to arrive
we liked the idea that the caraffe didn't need to be heated from below .  .  .  a big plus with this unit .   but .  .  .  .  we have had some serious problems with the filter backing up and the water leaking over the top of it everywhere on the counter .   a flood of coffee .   we thought that it might be the filter holes were clogged .  .  .  so we made sure they were rinsed out well and could easily flow a stream through them .   but then we had a flood again on the counter .   so we thought that maybe our filters were'nt good .  .  .  so we bought other ones .   and them we had another big flood of coffee  ( this has proven to be very staining to our white grouting )  .   so we thought perhaps we were grinding our coffee too fine and it was packing down too tight .  .  .  .  so we ground it coarser .  .  .  and yet ,  another dang flood .  we have followed the instructions perfectly .  .  .  and still these overflows .so now we are ticked .  .  .  we have never had this headache with a coffee maker before .  .  .  .  and all we want is some coffee in the morning .   so we're going to try and return the stupid thing  ( our reciept and box are long gone )  .  sure hope we can get an exchange .  .  .  and certainly not another one of these .oh .  .  .  and the mugs that come with it don't have handles on them like the ones in the picture do
i should have listened to the other reviews !point 1 .  this machine is not only just  " noisy "  ,  it continues to be loud ,  intermittently !  picture this :  you are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper ,  relaxed ,  the house quiet ,  when like a knife cutting the silence ,  a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen ,  your dog starts howling & barking ,  you jump and relaxation is out the window !  it  " recycles "  as long as you leave it on .point 2 .  it took me two cycles  ( 20 minutes )  before the stuff was hot enough for me .  i like beverages to be as hot as coffee .point 3 .  take out your best scrubber & roll up your sleeves !  !  for every use ,  you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher plus totally take apart the spout ,  clean it & put it back together  ( it has 5 parts )  .  hope you have time for this !point 4 .  froth ?  what froth ?  that's froth ?  ?  stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that .final analysis :  i can make the same thing in the microwave with less cleanup
this phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call .  it never fails ,  when i need to make a really important call-- the static is so loud i can't hear at all .  every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we can't hear .  and target wouldn't take it back without the box--how long are we supposed to keep the box- reasonably !
these sheets are not quality .  they are no way equal to the value that the seller has assigned to them .  the jersey material is very thin and the construction technique is inferior .  they are not a bargain
i was so looking forward to this machine .  i am a long time machine bread maker and have had two other brands with not a problem .  first ,  yes it burns the crust on med ;  second ,  i made 4 ,  count them ,  four batches of their recipe bread and my recipe bread and they were all awful .  could not believe it .  each time i followed the reciped and instructions to the letter .i'm giving up the ghost and going back to my el cheapo bread machines that work every time .  love the style and the loaf shape of the cuisinart but don't like wasting my time and ingredients .  maybe i got a lemon
i ordered this after reading that it  " includes 6 18 ounce bowls "  .  this is bad advertising .  i ordered 2 sets and only received 2 bowls .   after i wrote to customer service and asked for the additional 10 bowls per the offer .   amazon refused to send them and thanked me for  " pointing out an error "  .   in 2 days amazon has not even corrected the ad .  beware of this product and offer and know that amazon has not made good on its offer .  i have ordered many products from this site ,  but will be more skeptical in the future ,  and will only order an item if it is an individual item with a name brand that i can track
these tools ,  although fun looking ,  are poorly balanced and fall over if they don't have enough room to rest on the counter .   the handles are a little awkward in size and the bowls of the spoons slightly too deep .   i like their look ,  but i don't like the design of them
i ordered the orange and the red .   the colors were much more drab in person .   the cumin is actually burnt orange from the 70s
great idea ,  horrible execution .   disgusting to clean ,  rake gets clogged .   there are much better options .   litter robot is well worth the extra cost
the pan itself is fine ,  but it measures closer to 16 "  in diameter .   the cooking surface is 12 "  ,  but the pan has such a wide lip around it that it doesn't come close to fitting in my convection toaster oven
i spent several hours searching &amp ;  researching rice cookers trying to find one that was designed specifically for brown rice .  i finally decided on this one because it specifically mentioned brown rice ,  and had brown rice &quot ; measurements&quot ;  which are different than for regular white rice .  i am disappointed .  first of all ,  the manual recommends not using the &quot ; keep warm&quot ;  function when using brown rice .  this means you have to unplug the machine when the cooking cycle is over .  this defeats the purpose of an automatic rice cooker .  but even this drawback might be acceptable if it did a good job of cooking brown rice properly .  it does not .  it is either too wet &amp ;  mushy ,  or too dry and burnt .  we have been unable to cook a proper batch yet ,  after much experimentation with slightly more or less water ,  and using 3 different types of brown rice .  look elsewhere ,  and let me know if you find one that works properly with brown rice
i used this maybe a dozen times before i stopped using it out of disgust .  the surface is fragile and hard to clean .  i reheated pizza and the residue stuck so tightly it could only be scraped off with extreme care .  i did a bone-in slow roast and the weight alone pierced the surface so the juices bled into the matting layer .  what's the point if you can't clean it or let anything harder than jell-o come into contact with it .just to clarify--the mat was used to line an airbake cookie sheet for the pizza and to line a baking pan with the roast atop of a bed of carrots and celery .  i like my pizza crisp yet moist so i reheat it in a skillet when i can .  i bake thin or drier pizza on an insulated sheet to keep it from getting desiccated .  when i make a roast--i don't need any gravy .  i slow roast the alton brown way and the juice stays in the meat rather than ending up in the bottom of the pan .  the meat literally makes its own au jus in your mouth .  i put a bed of vegetables on the bottom to further reduce the heat transfer from the pan to the meat .   not cooking for a crowd ?   try a 3 inch thick steak  ( stood on end )  cooked this way .  you won't want to share .  i don't slow roast turkey but it only takes 2-1/2 hours to do a 14-16 pound bird if you temper it properly .  my sister always gets comments on how moist and juicy it is .in fairness ,  when i gave my neice two of my unused large pastry/baking mats ,  she used them successfully to make her chocolate dipped strawberries ,  turtles ,  etc .
despite my by-the-book care of these knives ,  i still get rust stains that are nearly impossible to get off .   i do not have that problem with other knives in my collection ,  but these clean up like cheap steel .   not very attractive ,  and you don't want to eat with them
i add lots of cheese to my pizzas and it tends to get all over the pan .   with other pans ,  the cheese sticks and i have to pry the pizza off with a spatula .  but not this one !  !   it just slides right off with one shake .   my party pizzas come out crisp and heated evenly .   also ,  i have cut my pizzas on this pan and there was barely a scratch on it .   very heavyweight with no warping .   what a buy !
i've had this kettle for less than 2 years .  after reading good reviews ,  i decided to purchase this kettle because i wanted something that would last with daily use .  i disliked it from the beginning .  why ?  1 )  it's heavy .  2 )  when you open the lid to fill it with water  ( you shouldn't fill it just through the spout because then all the deposits are on the wrong side of the filter )  ,  water that has collected around the lid leaks out and runs down the outside of the kettle .  3 )  after less than 2 years of use ,  it is no longer working properly .  it constantly switches off during heating .  i've had better use from a cheap plastic kettle ,  and will be going back to using one of those
we have not been able to use the sheets because they are so stiff and rough .   they are wrinkled and no matter how many times they are washed they do not soften .   the pillowcases are too narrow for our regular size pillows which makes the pillows too high and hard to be comfortable .  we are totally dissatisfied and thoroughly disappointed and will be returning them if for no other reason than to get them out of the house .   we do like the color ,  though
i loved this when i purchased it ,  then i noticed it did not do a perfect job ,  then it would take a while to get going ,  then it smoked and died .   not worth it
it simply doesn't do the job .  only bruises the herbs .  i normally love oxo products ,  but this one is a disappointment
when something says 'white' i sort of expect to get something close to the colour white .  i ordered three of these plates but they are closer to beige .  they also have an odd matte finish that made them seem cheaply .  however ,  they are large plates and at this price ,  probably good for entertaining if you need quite a few .  the large ones would be good for holiday meals - those times when you really need extra serving pieces that you don't use the rest of the year
i ordered this thinking that i'd save a bundle ,  and have a really nice comforter set .  not !  the product description promised navy and sage ,  but it is black and sage .  it is the cheapest looking comforter that i have ever seen .  i sent mine back yesterday--i just can't let the seller get away with the totally inaccurate description and the deception in claiming that this product was originally $200+ dollars
the toast was black on setting 4 ,  black and dark tan on setting 3 ,  and dark tan and untoasted on setting 2 .  this is appalling performance for such an expensive toaster ,  and not worthy of cuisinart
airbake products are horrible !  i have used the cookie sheets multiple times and i have had nothing but problems .  there products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans .  i have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than airbake .  buyer beware !  if you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
i thought i was getting a good deal with this deep fat fryer but the quality was really poor .   i used the fryer only once because the lid did not seal properly and i ended up with oil & water from condensation dripping down the side .   i returned the product and received a full refund .   the safety plug was hard to use and the basket size is too small for more than two people
this unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months .   not recommended
when i opened the box ,  i noticed corrosion on the lid .   when i contacted rival customer service via email ,  they told me i had to purchase a new lid .   i called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty .   when i explained that i just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do .after being treated this way ,  i will not be purchasing any more rival products if they don't stand behind their product !  !  !  !  !   very very poor customer service
amazon couldnt send me the correct cutting board and they tried 4 times and now they want me to review this item that they never sent m
i don't know what the other reviewers of this blender are blending .  .  . but this blender is junk .   i have tried twice to make smoothies with it and this blender cannot do the job .   all of the ingredients just sit there while the only part of the mix being blended is at the very bottom .   so ,  you have to keep stirring and stirring and stirring the mixture to get it all incorporated .   and then try adding the crushed ice .   this blender is going back .if you need a blender to make smoothies ,  this is not the model to buy
works well on carpets not to well anywhere else .   the hose attachment is horrible ,  the hose is about 4 ft long and stiff and is not permanently attached to the vacuum ,  and when you try to clean furniture the movement losens it and it comes off .   i have 2 dogs and 3 cats and i need to be able to clean the furniture .   also when you could use the hose on something all the dirt piled up on the floor where the vacuum stood ,  it was not pulled into the bag .  very disappointed with it and would not recommend to anyone with pets .
i bought this item in october 2005 ,  by january it had developed a crack across the bottom and up the side of the pitcher .  i contacted both amazon and emile henry about it .   amazon will only give a partial refund and emile henry told me to go through the merchant and did not offer that supposed warranty on their shoddy product .   don't buy this piece of junk
this blender is very weak .  it has a small blade that cannot pull down anything of substance and i had to stir even soft fruit in liquid or it would never get cut up -- just the bottom part of the mix spins around .  i used this blender four times since august 2006  ( when i bought it )  to make 'smoothies' ,  always with poor results .  as the other reviewer said ,  the fruit stays lumpy .  the little blades aren't strong enough .  yesterday i wanted to liquify some cooked potatoes for soup .  of course they are thick and starchy ,  but after the usual 'stirring' to get them to move through the blender ,  the speed buttons started to vibrate and i could smell the unit getting hot .  i wasn't overworking it -- mainly pulsing and then running it for about 30 seconds .  all of a sudden ,  it wouldn't work any more .  it just burned out .  if you actually cook and expect a blender to blend things ,  don't buy this blender .  i'm going to see if amazon will take it back .   ( note :  after i wrote this ,  i was told by amazon that i had to get in touch with the manufacturer ,  which i could do because it was within 90 days of purchase .  however ,  the company wants me to mail in the plug and $5 for 'shipping' to get a replacement ,  which obviously i don't want .  why would i want to pay $5 more for a product that didn't work the first time ?  why would i want the product again at all ?  amazon would have taken it back ,  but they wanted it returned in the box ,  which i threw out .  i'm even more dissatisfied with this product now than when i wrote this review originally .  maybe i can make it into an interesting planter and sell it at a craft fair  .   .   .
the other reviews are correct , except they fail to mention that the fan does not move air . that is why it is so quite . i do suppose that i got 13 dollars worth of fan though . think twice about purchasing this fan
wish i had seen the reviews before purchasing this insane appliance .   nothing  " slow "  about it-- burns everything ,  even on the keep warm setting .   best you can get out of it is 4 hours before you absolutely have to return home and shut it off .   if not ,  your evening meal is small burnt pieces of food welded to the bottom of the pot .  i swear ,  this thing is possessed !   my old rival crock pot was the best appliance i ever purchased ,  this one is the worst !
the cofee carafe keeps brew hot for hours !  i have had 4 spillages and alot of mess to clean up because the filter must be aligned properly or else !  i also cannot figure out how to program .  .  .  one of the most important features for me buying .  .  .   i really wish i could send this back
these tools are made of high quality materials ,  and they look very nice .  however ,  the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan ,  or on the counter ,  they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter ,  carrying food with them to the kitchen floor .  this happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner .  i will not throw them away ,  but i would never buy them again .
buyer beware !   the item pictured is not what you will get !   it contains the same information ,  but it is formatted differently .   i asked for a replacement ,  asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again .what i received was smaller ,  about 5 " x 3 "  whereas the image looks taller  ( about 4 "  )  .   it was stainless steel as advertised .   the information was listed in a grid ,  similar to a spreadsheet .   everything was written in caps which make it very hard to read  ( there is actually studies confirming this )  .   based on the image on the website ,  the information is the same ,  but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for .if the formatting is not an issue for you ,  then these are great .   i however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text ,  the better !   had i received what was pictured ,  i would have given it 5 stars .i suspect that what i received was the older model and amazon . com is simply getting rid of the older items first .
i am very disappointed with this product .   i was carving my thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing .   the motor continued to work ,  but the blades stopped moving .   the knife has only been used 3 times ,  but i had to throw it out today .   i opened the plastic case ,  and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft , and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth .   the nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless .  my prior knife ,  much less expensive ,  lasted for 18 years .   the cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress .
when this arrived i was very pleased with its quality-color-packaging -everything . only problems is that after a short time using the plates i noticed scratch marks-dark ones in the center of the plates-i would guess from where people used their dinner knives to cut their food--very disappointing-as i was ready to buy the entire collection-glad i waited .
we had this machine at work and made maybe 6 cups a day on a busy day .  within a month the machine broke - keurig did replace it right away but then the second broke as well  ( a co worker bought one for his home and had the same problem !  !  )  .  they gave us an upgrade on the model and this one is still going .  the coffee was good but the tea was not .  most importantly people is it is wasteful .  with little plastic cups filling up the garbage ,  and in our case two machines in the dump .  come on people lets have some conscious comsumerism and slow down .  what ever happened to putting the coffee in a paper filter and pouring hot water over it and letting the fragrance wrap around you .  if you are that busy and needy for coffee instantly maybe you should be looking at the job ads or self help books and not over priced hunks of wasteful plastic for greedy americans
the 4-cup coffee press is in actuality just 2 cups .  the number of ounces is not listed in the sales blurb .  .  .  what we wanted was 4 cups at 8 ounces each .  the 4-cup coffee press is just a bit over 16 ounces .  while it says so on the lid of the box it came in ,  the ounce-capacity is not in the amazon listing .   .  .  . so we returned it .  .
discount any review of a blender that reflects only several months of use .   as a smoothie addict ,  shoveling a dozen or more ice cubes into the jar daily ,  i'm still looking for a machine that can go the distance  ( is a full year's use asking too much ?  )  .   the braun burned out in the first 90 days ,  faster than my black and decker ,  oster ,  even hamilton beach  ( though it lasted longer than back to the basics )  .   the best thing i can say for the braun is that it doesn't have the impossible-to-clean push buttons  ( always look for a single switch ,  a knob ,  or a touch-pad )  .   otherwise ,  their shavers have served me better ,  mowing down whiskers more dependably than ice cubes .i'm going back to the beginning and giving the classic single-switch oster another try ,  though i'm beginning to feel guilty about cluttering the landfills with more broken machinery and useless glass jars
you have the bottom of the pan clad in stainless steel .  .  . the advantage of that ?  you can dishwasher stainless .  but you can't dishwasher nonstick !  you just have the disadvantage of slower heating than you would with straight aluminum underneath .and then you put teflon on something that costs over $100 .  .  . the pan will last 50 or more years ,  the nonstick about five if you use it lightly and don't let some idiot put metal on it ever .there's no indication that they will resurface your pan either .  .  . the warranty just covers defects ,  not use .i think this is very wasteful economically ,  if not environmentally  ( because it is a massive yet not durable product ,  even if you recycle it )  .  you can get a cheaper nonstick that will serve you for the five years just fine  ( e . g .  calphalon commercial )  ,  and better you can get this pan without the teflon and learn how to season your own cookware and make it even more nonstick than this can ever be and yet utterly indestructible ,  even with metal utensils .people will only buy this for the looks .  after all ,  they don't know how to cook anyway
i very much enjoyed this unit when it was new it did everything that was stated on the box . however ,  i now need to replace the ifd filter due to the accumulation of nicotene on it and can not find one anywhere .  i purchased two units at once for around $450 . 00 . if i had used them in a  " dust "  atmosphere they would still be great !  honeywell should have tested on nicotene and smoke odors before touting the phrase permanent in reference to smoke and nicotene .  i am sadly disappointed in a company ,  who over the years ,  i have purchased many of their products
stop be for you buy !  !  !  !   should have saved my money .   making pasta with this machine is disappointing .   the recipe given with the instructions is way to sticky to run through the extruder .   i redid the dough 3 times before i was able to extrude it ,  and still it stuck together .   i should have listened to the rest of the reviews ,  but having owned a pasta maker/extruder before i thought it would be a piece of cake .   if i were you i would invest in the roller pasta maker for you mixer .   on the bright side though .  .  . the food grinder is wonderful
this machine is sure to disappoint a seasoned european-style coffee drinker  ( coffee as in beverage made from coffee bean ,  not a tall cup of sanka as the term is used in the us )  .  admittedly ,  i'm really picky about my coffee ,  but $250 for this machine is ridiculous .  i've had coffee from a $40 krups machine that is better than that made by the espressopro .  i use high-quality pods with this machine  ( molinari ,  lucaffe ,  and miscela d'oro )  which guarantees consistency in other machines ,  but doesn't help with this machine .  here are my issues with the machine .1 .  the thermoblock isn't effective .  i have to put water in my espresso cup and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds before making an espresso or else my coffee will be lukewarm .  disgusting ,  even with high quality beans .  granted ,  unless your machine has a cup warmer ,  this is probably a good idea regardless of your machine ,  but with this machine ,  it is a requirement ,  not an option ,  if you want hot coffee .second ,  steamed milk is lukewarm on a good day .  the same heating problem occurs with steaming milk .  i called capresso ,  and they said to check all the fittings .  in fact ,  after much frustration  ( i'm not an idiot )  ,  i finally just sealed the connections with shrink tube ,  which leaves only two points where the connection could be weak .  still ,  i can't get hot steam .  what i do get is either lukewarm liquid milk ,  or cool ,  overly thick foam .  in fact the foam is so unrefined and thick that it gives the impression that you could chew it .  nasty .2 .  the frothing mechanism is gimmicky and not effective .  a standard  " frothing wand "  is much better .  the mechanism on this machine is ineffective ,  lacks true control ,  and requires an extra step over a standard wand to clean .as explained above ,  the heat is not sufficient ,  and the quality of foam is irregular and bad .  i'm embarrassed to serve coffee from this machine to guests ,  let alone drink it myself .  i just can't get over the heat issue .  nothing kills a good coffee than lack of heat .  this point is so important ,  if you take a gander at the francis !  francis !  x1  ( and professional machines )  ,  there's a thermometer right on the front of the machine  ( and no ,  it's not purely an esthetic design issue since you can put several types of gauges/switches on an espresso machine--like a pressure gauge )  .  the low heat generated results in really thick ,  solid foam .  when i have guests ,  i just heat milk on the stovetop and use a handfrother instead of using the espressopro's lame mechanism .second ,  the way you adjust the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio is not effective .  a little gate is regulated by the user through a twisting tab .  it's just not good design .  since the milk actually passes through the machine and is heated internally by the machine ,  you can't really  " work "  the milk .  a wand offers direct control and offers immediate visual response to whether you're getting foam or hot milk .you know dried milk that collects on your steaming wand ?  well ,  that's now inside your espressopro .  with a traditional wand ,  you just wipe the wand with a wet rag .  with this machine ,  you need to run hot water through the frothing mechanism  ( before you do this you need to wait for the block to heat up again )  .  plus ,  there's so many little pieces that need to be kept clean ,  it's a pain .  what a bad design !3 .  18 bar ?  yeah ,  right .  this machine also doesn't generate enough pressure to develop nice crema .  granted ,  i use pods ,  but still ,  a certain amount of crema is expected .  this machine produces a thin ,  insufficient amount of crema .  the lack of sufficient pressure probably has to do with the poor thermoblock .i really can't recommend this machine .  for $250 ,  just go get a krups or braun .  better yet ,  spend $50 more and get an entry level gaggia or saeco .  with this machine you're paying for looks and a gimmicky ,  ineffective frothing mechanism .  this hunk o' junk is now buried deep in the back of my kitchen cabinet ,  as i truly would not feel right pawning this machine off on someone else .  it is now appropriately  " retired "  from service ,  and i now enjoy perfect coffee every day from my saeco vienna superautomatica .  now that's a machine ,  baby
i used this seemingly incredible product and accidentally left it in the oven during a self-cleaning .   it completely evaporated and left teflon covering the entire interior of the oven .  i had to replace the oven !  it was toxic from the teflon powder .   do not buy this product !
i used this dough blender for not even 6 months ,  and the handle snapped !   ( mind you ,  i am not a pastry chef ,  so i was not using it everyday .  i used it a handful of times .  )  i understand it has a 5 year warrenty ,  so i will try to get it replaced .  i have to say that it worked great before it broke
what a joke !  !  !  this whas a disappointing experience .  the garment steamer never really worked .  i wasted a valuable time in this deal .  i bought one at target first missing parts then i went back returned it and came back home to use it and again never worked .  what a waste of my time !  the second garment steamer one and off button kept turning off about one minute never producing any steam .  i tried to contact customer service to find out if i was using it right and customer sevice is no help at all !  my advise is :  please don't even waste your time with it .  sincerely , &amp ; #60 ; br /&amp ; #62 ; &#60 ; br /&#62 ;jackeline de ranier
i have read a few reviews about this machine and some how i am not sure what i missed .  i purchased this machine about 8 months ago .  i loved the look of it in my kitchen with all my stainless appliances .  that is where it ends .this machine has been terrible ,  when you put water in it the filter part floats up and out of the slot letting water get into the machine unfiltered .  when your filling your cup you have to bend down in front of the machine to see where the coffee is in the cup or it will overflow ,  making more for you to clean up .  i just want coffee !  !  !even though the inside  " unit "  that holds the coffee does come out ,  it is not designed to fit into the front of a refrig to put water in it .  you have to use something else to catch the water from the refrig then dump that into this machine .they put little time into the design/research of this machine .   i hesitate to add this as i don't want anyone reading this to think my home is dirty .  .  .  . living in florida we tend to see palmetto bugs .  this machine has about 5 vent holes in the top of it ,  i had two bugs get in the machine .  they had full access to the water reservior .  once i filled the water reservior the bugs came flying out .  that was the end of this machine for me .  poor design issues and not sanitary by any means .  look on !
the only thing this juicer is good for is to find out if you will really be into juicing .   this juicer lasted for 3 months while juicing 3 to 5 times a week  ( for two people )  .   at 3 months the tray that holds the blade warped and started spitting plastic into the drink .   i considered getting another one to have spare parts .  .  .  . then i scraped that idea and got a real juicer .   besides being cheaply made .  .  . it should also be priced cheaper .   also the blade takes a while to clean
the fan was great ,  with lots of breeze and circulation .  it is loud ,  but who cared ?the problem is that it only lasted for about 3 months before it just quit working ,  along with a little puff of smoke .  two weeks before the fatal puff ,  the fan arced ,  popped ,  sparked ,  and gave off a puff of smoke ,  but it still worked .  two weeks after that it sparked and puffed and has not turned on since .i live in hawaii and it is currently in the rainy season .  there has been a lot of humidity in the air during the last month ,  and i noticed that the back of the fan was actually getting rusty .  i thought perhaps that moisture was the cause of the sparking so i was surprised to read in another review that the fan was good to use during heat and humidity !the fan was sitting in front of the living room window and it kept the whole small 2 bedroom house cool .  we miss it ,  but i can't keep buying a new fan every 3 months !this is the first time ever that this has happened with a fan that i purchased .  i have been living in hawaii for 13 years and have been through a lot of fans .  one of the best-lasting fans i had was a $10 . 00 lasko box fan .  it lasted and worked well for 7 years before it quit working
is this some sort of sick joke ?  are you purposfully trying to be politically incorrect or what !  ?  making fun of sombody's disability like that is not funny and can produce long term mental anguish .  if you're not careful ,  i'm going to take you to court
i had to wash the comforter 3 times before it softened up enough for me to put it on my son's bed .the sheet is still  " crunchy "  .i was a little disappointed with the quality of the sheets .   they are very thin .   the comforter is however snuggly warm
this machine does not make clear ice ,  just like your in-refrigerator does not make clear ice .also ,  please read consumer reviews about function
when it worked it worked well .   however ,  eight months into this -- and i only have used it maybe 6 or 8 times ,  it's broken .   i have not done anything to it ,  and one day the the display is just messed up .   i can see a line here and there ,  but nothing else .   replacing the battery did not help and polder's website offers no information such as warranty information .   it is defintely not worth $30
my wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the oxo mandoline ,  my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff' .captain correlli could not have played this gadget .  it is totally useless and now resides half way up one of our trees 50 metres from our kitchen door
this thing slices well ,  then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it .  the tray does not detatch from the base ,  which cannot be put in water because it containes the motor .  pieces of food work their way into the motor area .  after removing the blade  ( using tools )  you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food .  i could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint .  the tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base .  this was very poor from a quality standpoint ,  and came off in my hand the first and only time used .  the plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food will get down into .  this thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble .  it went back to the store immediately ,  and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes i gave up .  i'm looking for another brand now
i really loved this baking sheet when i first got it ,  so i was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off ,  essentially rendering it unusable .  i may have gotten a bad batch or something .  the product has a lifetime warantee and i do intend to send it back in ,  but wanted to let folks know about my experience
i've had two of these now ,  and they both had one serious flaw :  the trumpeted  " brew and pause "  feature does not work .   pull the carafe out during brewing and treat yourself to a steaming hot waterfall of coffee that would almost be comical if it weren't such a relentless pain in the neck to clean up .also ,  it's hard not to spill some water on the heating plate ,  either during filling or brewing ,  creating a consequent sizzling sound that adds a lot of ambience -- if you live in a steak house .considering how many other coffee makers are available out there ,  these flaws make this machine a mistake .too bad ,  because some things are done quite nicely :  the controls are good and easy to set ,  and the overall styling is sleek ,  euro-cool ,  and compact .   unless you live in a community where calcified sewage runs through the taps ,  the water filters do about as much as a rain dance .pass on this one
it's 54 . 99 in last week ,  i'll wait till the price drop bac
this product is sick !  if you get a  " delight "  out of seeing an fish hung  like a christmas decoration in a ball that is way too small too  live in your sick !  plus a nightlight ?  try sleeping w/ no eyelids w/ a light over your head .  fish sleep too ,  but  they cant close their eyes .  there does not even seem to be much air space above the water .  it's the same problem with those silly bowls with the plants on top .  they breath oxygen and sufficate witout fresh air .  get at least a five gal .  tank and don't waste your $ on this cheap fad product .  bettas are so smart ,  fun and sociable and desarve just as much respect as all of our fellow pets and humans
although this is a nice looking product ,  and it lives up to the 'good grip' promise ,  i went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point  ( the hinge )  .i will say that oxo stood behind their product ,  shipping out a new one with no fuss .   but after getting two replacements ,  and seeing the third break in exactly the same place ,  i'm done .
after thoroughly checking toaster reviews and ratings  ( this got top ratings )  ,  i had to return it after several attempts to get it to produce evenly toasted bread .   very disappointing ;  my old toastmaster  ( much less expensive )  does better .
i bought this rack thinking that i can now bake cakes with bigger size ,  or cool a bunch of cookies on the same rack ;  well .  .  . i am very disappointed .  but let's start witht he good things first .pros :1 .  it's big ,  i like the size a lot2 .  it's gridded ,  so i don't need to worry about cookies falling off the rack .  they are steady right there .cons :the biggest problem is the material ,  it is not strong at all !when the rack arrived ,  the middle of it was already bent  ( or sagging a bit )  .  i was able to bent it backwards easily ,  yet that  " perfect "  posture didn't hold for long ,  it's back to its bad sagging position again very soon .then it got way worse ,  when i try to cool cakes on it .  cookies aren't that bad ,  since they are light .  when i have the moist and right out of the oven cake sitting on that rack ,  the middle of the rack is barely touching my kitchen counter top already .  of course ,  as soon as i lift my cake up ,  it goes back to the normal sagging position .i think unless you are planning on baking cookies only .  .  . this is not a rack for you .  pick something else ,  something stronger
ok .  .  . so this isnt a review , but a question i have on this product .  where is the instruction manual to this thing ?  what do the lines above the alcohol names mean .  there are two ,  three ,  even four lines above some of the alcohol names .  does it mean the amount of alcohol that is supposed to be put into that particular drink .  please answer .  .  . for it has left many of us flustered .  thank you very muc
i've owned black and decker's predecessor to this unit - the shortcut - for about 25 years .   it was a well designed mini food processor .   so i had high hopes for the black & decker mfp200 minipro plus food processor .   what a disappointment !the problem is slicing .   the slicing disk *must* be used in conjunction with a  " redirection disk "  that redirects whatever your slicing out the  " ejection chute "  .   well this chute ejects alrighty - all over the kitchen .it goes back to target tomorrow .   and to the design folks over at b & d :  you should really test out your designs before going to production with them .do yourself a *huge* favor and pass on this unit .i have to go now ;  i have mushroom slices all over my kitchen .
i had a black and decker processor that i got as a wedding present over twenty years ago ,  and it never let me down once .  when it was time to get a new one ,  i got this 1500 thinking that it's a b&d and i can't go wrong .  well as as soon as i tried to grate some cheese the plastic ring on the shredder/grater blade snapped off .  the next time i used it a metal pin in the pastic cover that holds the blade securely broke the plastic groove it was in .  too bad b&d went down the drain through the years
i am a quilter and was looking for a good hot iron and lots of steam .  i also hate the auto- shut off .  well i thought i had found it .  the perfect iron for my needs .  well after only one days use it is put away for someone else to use i was very disapointed in the iron it spits water and boy do i mean spit my ironing board cover was wet .  my fabric continued to to roll under the iron ,  the surface is not smooth and seems to grap the fabric .  not what i was looking for at all i would not recommend this iron
i baked two batches of madelines side by side ,  one in this pan  ( set on a baking sheet )  ,  and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating .  i brushed both pans with canola oil before using .  as per the package instructions ,  i allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them .  the madelines in the traditional pan released easily ,  were golden and high ,  and had a pronounced design .  the other batch were almost soggy  ( probably from cooling in the pan )  ,  flat ,  pale ,  and did not have the appearance of a madeline .  to make matters worse ,  they did not release easily ,  and a few of them even broke as i attempted to remove them .  i would not recommend this pan
these knives barely cut .  .  .  .  and the title is misleading .   this set has nothing to do with faberware .   also ,  i have had this set for only a few weeks and already rust has appearred on them .   buy them if you intend it for one time use
my son ,  who is a culinary graduate ,  purchased a set of oxo knives for me as a gift .   i know they were not inexpensive .    however ,  within a year ,  three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use .    while the grips are quite nice ,  the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen .    they should be removed from the market .    in all three cases ,  the blades flipped upwards during slicing .
i bought one of your pans and i was so very careful with it only using plastic or wood  utensils .  the pan has got big bubbles in it and the nonstick finish is pealing off .  i rate this very poor
i purchased this knife ,  and when it arrived ,  the package said ,   " not recommended for left-handers .  "   if henckels chooses to design only for right-handed people ,  that's their right ,  but they should disclose it clearly .   second ,   [ amazon . com ]  should include such information in their editorial review .   i'm left-handed ,  and i'll add this to my can opener and vegetable peeler as one-way kitchen gadgets
i purchased a few of these for myself and friends .  from the day i got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool ,  especially since i could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies .  one day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot .  i wrote to oxo about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me .  anyway ,  i am now using a kitchenaid product which feels much more sturdy and kitchenaid responds to e-mails immediately
i agree with the previous reviewers .   the style is quite sleek and the ceramic ,  earthen material eliminates the metallic taste of the water .however ,  the handle is a huge problem and you have to be extremely careful when pouring the pot .  i made a hot of tea only filling 1/2 way full and put pouring it the handle can apart from the kettle and smash went the kettle ,  leaving me standing with only the handle in my hand .  thankfully i was pouring this over the sink or i would've suffered quite a burn .buyer beware
i miss soy yogurts  !  !  !  i've been used to make soy yogurts in france .  i've bought this yogurt maker .  i've tried several times to make some but it never worked .  i've followed the recipe using plain soy milk and one plain yogurt .  has anyone got a recipe for me  ?  i'm allergic to lactose .  .  .thank you
cast iron is the only way to go when you are cooking on anything over 30 , 000 btus .   lodge has a lock on this market .   trouble with this wok is the sides are not high enough .   as soon as you start mixing ,  your food goes  sliding up and over the side .   also ,  for the extreme weight ,  the handle  should be wider ;  distributing the weight a little more broadly for the weak  hand hold .   i gave mine away after three months .   i wish they would change  the design ;  i'd buy three
like many others ,  i bought this because it came highly recommended by consumer reports .   it worked great for a while ,  but after about a year the brush stopped spinning .   i replaced the belt  ( twice !  )  but it still won't work .   if i didn't read about so many others having similar problems ,  i would have guessed that i just got a bad vacuum - but after reading other reviews here at amazon ,  i see that this is not a model that anyone should buy ,  despite the high rating from consumer reports
liked the product when it was working .i used the machine about 4 times a week for 18 months .  it will mix the ingredients but does not heat up the drink any more
mine didn't hold up either .  for what i paid for it ,  i expected more .  one i picked up for around twenty is doing a much better job and lasted through more than four uses .
after my ronco machine broke ,  i bought this one .   it never worked well for hollow pasta ,  and the bearings went out after about 20 uses
openning a dog food can is nearly impossible without at least 6 or 7 tries to get the blade to catch .   i bought it ;  i regret the purchase ;   i threw it out .  this really hurts the cuisinart image
cuisinart is one manufacturer that has capitalized on its brand name and produced this inferior product .  my criticisms of this machine :1 .   its heavy and relatively large .  it is awkward to place in and remove from a cabinet ,  and so it remains on the counter top where it takes up precious real estate with its large footprint .2 .   it's slow .   with its weight ,  you would think the grinder would have a powerful motor that would quickly grind coffee .   it does not .   it takes a very long time to grind the coffee .3 .   the grind is uneven and actually clumps .   the grind is fine at the bottom and course and clumpy at the top .   the finely ground coffee sticks to the bottom of the bowl below the blade .  i must use a finger to remove the ground  coffee or pound the bowel against the palm of my other hand .  pulsing makes no difference .   grinding a full bowl improves the performance somewhat .  yet ,  grinding beans for up to minute still does not produce a grind fine enough for even a cone filter .   espresso is out of the question .4 .   i invariably spill ground coffee on the counter top no matter how carefully i remove the lid .although the grinder looks cool with its stainless steel finish and it has a larger bowl than most blade grinders ,  those two alone do not even come close to overcoming its other deficiencies .  surely there must be better blade coffee grinders on the market
this is a poorly made product .  after a few months of use ,  the blade broke off .  the handle is hard ,  brittle plastic covered with soft plastic .  the blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit .  the results were inevitable .  pure junk
after 5 washings ,  these towels still shed like a mother .  grrr
if you buy this this thing ,  be prepared to cut off about an inch off the tip ,  'cause apparently the tip is just there for aesthetics .  plunging this thermometer into boiling water ,  it won't read accurately  ( 15-20deg under )  until at least an inch of the tip is immersed
i would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and  immediate delivery .unfortunatly i had to return this item  .   i havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up .  after ironing i  could still see a lot of creases .  they dont mention about the base being a wood plank either .i have used a simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money .  i would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one .  but this is just my opinion
i have used this pan 3 times ,  twice to cook meat .  it does not brown ;  the meat stick to the pan .  i made stuffed artichokes last night and even though i used olive oil and water to begin the steaming process ,  the pan was a mess to clean .  i have never had any problems with myers anodized pans ,  18/10 pans or , of couse ,  teflon .  i'm not sure what this pan will be useful for but i believe i will only use it for vegetables or rice
cuisinart does not stand behind their products .  we purchased a 10 pc set and after using the 1  qt pan only once it formed a bubble on the bottom of the pan causing the pan not to lay flat on the stove .  this actually renders the pan useless as it does not evenly disperse the heat and takes forever to even heat up .upon notifying cuisinart of the problem this is the response we got :" thank you for your reply .the cookware does have a limited lifetime warranty against anymanufacturing defects .  however ,  if the pot has been over heated or damagedin any way it would not be covered under warranty .   you may send the iteminto us for an evaluation .  you may send it to the following address listedbelow ,  with a check or money order for $7 . 00 return shipping and we willevaluate the cookware for you :cuisinart corporation150 milford roadeast windsor ,  nj 08520thank you for your use and interest in cuisinart products .very truly yours ,ann mariecuisinart representative "why should i have to pay for shipping their defective product ? the cost of shipping the product just to have it  " evaluated "  makes it a wiser choice to just forget the warranty and buy a new one .  however the wisest choice would be to steer clear of this company's products altogether .  by the way the pan was only used to boil some eggs .
dont plan on cutting anything you need a sharp knife for .   other than that ,  it's ok
be careful to buy products from compact appliance .  they will not be responsible if the product is defective from the manufacturer .  there is no return .  you better think more than twice before you buy from compact appliance .  they have the worst customer service including the manufacturer edgestar .i agreed completely with the previous customer review that it is hard to get in touch with edgestar customer service ,  which has the worst product i ever bought .
given as a gift - same story :  the fact that i primarily used high heat ,  it didn't last past 6 months .  all-clad said too bad after i emailed them ,  and called them several times leaving messages - took them 3 months to get back to me ,  and then that was it .  i will never buy all-clad ever again !  !
i own many kitchenaid appliances and love the brand .  i even own a silicone muffin pan which i love .  this pan ,  however ,  is terrible .  the cake did not bake completely and i had a terrible time trying to get it out of the pan .   ( yes ,  i sprayed the pan effectively .  )  do not waste your money !  stick to the metal pans
i purchased this about 1 year ago and it's only taking up space in my house .   it has very poor suction on carpeting .   works o . k .  on hardwood floors but then again most of these will .   i expected better force .   the small openning may look  " cool "  but it doesn't allow for wide enough sweeping area and i find myself going over the same area again and again .   also ,  the charging holder is a little harder to place the unit in .   i would consider look at others first
this product offers a phenomenon deal a steal for the asking price
i just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom .  however ,  after using it several times ,  i would choose a different grill because of the following reasons :#1 the spatter mess - there is virutally no way to prevent splatter when using this pan creating an unneccessary amount of post-cooking clean-up .#2 there is no option of purchasing a lid#3 the pan itself has an odd rectangular shape that does not fit on one burner or two for that matter .  thus ,  somewhere while cooking you have a cool spot
i have the artisan kitchenaid mixer and this cover is too bulky for it .  it is too long at the bottom and just unpleasing to the eye .  would recommend just leaving your mixer uncovered .  hope this was helpful
very noisy and takes too long to brew .   boxed it up to return but i misplaced the packing slip .   will keep using mom's very old corelle electric percolator
this is the worst vacumm cleaner i have ever had !  it has continually broken down since i bought it and is now again dead .  it's only 1 1/2 years old !  while under warranty  ( the first year )  ,  i went through 5 belts ,  a roller brush ,  and the motor burned out .  it is no longer under warranty ,  and of course ,  it broke down again .  it smokes like it's on fire ,  and i believe that it's the roller brush *again* .  now mind you ,  my house is only 1600 sq ft ,  and half of that space is wood flooring ,  so i don't have an excessive amount of carpet .  nor do i vacuum excessively .  maybe once a week .  i complained to hoover and they basically told me  " too bad "  .  and it's not like it's an inexpensive vacuum at $289 !i will never again buy a hoover product
i bought the back to basics 600 smoothie maker about 6 months agos .   i was pleased with it until the plastic toggle on the spout broke .   it is made of plastic and apparently could not withstand the tension on the plug .   i was very disappointed since i use it every morning but thought it would last longer .   i will look for a better quality one next time
a little less than so-so .  you think it is a bargain because of the name .  it's not .  get some good steak knives at your grocer's
i was excited when i got the set ,  however after a few cuts/uses the knives are dull and the santoku has rust on the sharp end of the blade .   for a warranty claim i have to pre pay postage to get a replacement .   not recommended at all !   i'm surprised at the low quality with this brand
i picked this up recently and tried several varieties of loose tea in it .   the bottom line is that tea does get stuck in the one that i own .   i have tried a couple of methods to get the tea out to no avail .   it might be hard to see from the picture ,  but the  " holes "  for the water are actually slits in the bottom around the bottom rim of the infuser .   the slits are actually sickle shaped and the tea gets caught in the narrow areas .   i imaging that differences in the cuts would either make or break this product .   in my case they make me want to break it
i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery .   also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon .  .  .  . don't understand because i don't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
this item is too big and very difficult to operate .   it is the worst breville product purchased .   the panni press does the same thing without the difficult cleaning .   i would not recommend this item .  .  . too much money .  .  . definately not worth the cost
if the probe was not so fragile i'd give this unit 5 stars .  the remote works well although i have had it lose contact with the sender if i was out in front of my house  ( my grill is on the back deck )  .  this is a minor annoyance ,  but what really ticked me off was that the probe failed  ( indicating  " high "  reading )  in conditions where my miu france unit keeps on going .  unfortunately the miu france unit doesn't have the remote capability .  i purchased about 5 extra probes for the taylor unit directly from taylor by mail .  but within a few weeks several of those failed .  i don't mind having to replace a probe once in a while but when you have to replace two in one cooking session it gets pretty annoying .  i'd suggest staying away from this unit
i ordered the pro 5 plus three times and recieved the wrong one 3 times .   they kept sending the  " commercial 5 mixer .  "   in the meantime i have accumulated 2 shoping bags full of baking goods .   i have ordered many   " cookie "  art books ,  along with many supplies as well as the set of 3 pasta maker attachment for this mixer .   this has been going on since the beginning of december .   but no mixer !calls end up in whatever country .   all they do is placate you with polite rhetoric and pat answers .   which is their job .   but this does not address the major problem .   the problem is never kicked up to a higher level ,  researched ,  investigated and thus ending in a resolution .now i see this model or its equivalent ,  in costo .   very cheap but with the steel attachments  ( whip ,  dough hook etc )  like the commerical one .   it looks like a combination of the pro 5 plus and the commercial one .   and the model no .  is not listed in kitchenade's website .   there seems to be something amiss with this pro 5 plus model .this has been a frustrating experience .   i now plan to order the pro 6 instead ,  which cook's illustrated listed as number one .   and it won't be from amazon .   receiving the wrong one three times is a bit much .   dissapointed in the service .
this unit looks like it would be fun for the kids ,  but in fact ,  it barely works .  even when the insert is pre-frozen in a zero degree freezer ,  the maching has problems getting the mix even into a  " soft "  state ,  and even when it gets close to that ,  the ice cream does not dispense in a manner that allows for the classic soft-serve look in the cone .  an email to cuisinart regarding the problem went unanswered .  we used it twice ,  and gave up .  one hint that's not in the instructions :  you have to keep the machine running while dispensing -- or trying to dispense -- the ice cream .  another hint that's not in the instructions :  don't buy this item
i saw many good reviews for this toaster and a few bad ones too .  i took my chances and ordered one anyway .cuisinart is not testing these toasters .  it took 10 seconds for me to see that the inner elements are not heating up .  they are cleaning them ,  possibly changing the elements ,  and shipping them .   my guess is that it is just cheaper not to test them .  big mistake .  it's harder to win back customers than to keep them .
who had the bright idea with putting the spout so low that this thing will boil thru so easily ?  since it doesn't make any noise that it is boiling ,  you know when the water start to burst thru the spout area and it is not a good thing .  and what is up with the leaky spout in the weld area anyways ?  welding is a skill that if done right ,  it would not leak !  the handle will get hot so wear your glove .  on the plus side ,  the stainless steel looks very nice which is why i bought it in the first place .  i use to have a cheap tea pot that cost half the price of this one and it was more reliable  ( lasted 2 years )  so that just goes to show that just because it cost more ,  it don't mean it would last longer .  mine start to leak after 4 months .  i am going to buy that cheap one again if they still makes it .overall ,  i cannot recommend this tea pot due to the spout flaw .
no i don't think it's the problem with my washer and dryer ,  they are new units .  now only with great difficulty can i put them on my queen bed .  and they claim they have deep pockets !  i do believe it is a quality problem
i'm sure that this is a wonderful can opener if you can figure out how to use it .   i recieved mine as a gift ,  and neither the giver ,  myself ,  or my husband can figure out how to use the thing .   i was told that the instructions could be copied from the internet ,  but who can find them
even though i cleaned the machine between each empty and fill ,  if i did not have white carpet i would not have known this machine leaks the dirty water back onto the carpet .  i had to shampoo the carpet two more times to remove the extra spots left in the carpet .  a second time with detergent to remove the spots and then immediately with a rinse only cycle .  my second gripe is the clean and dirty water reservoirs are in the same small space .  i had to change it out about every 10 minutes .  the machine gets one star for the dual brushes which i think are a positive for this machine .  unfortunately ,  that was not enough for me to keep it .  it would have been cheaper for me to hire someone to come in and steam clean my carpet considering the fact i had to clean it three times and this carpet is in a low traffic area .  i've had a hoover for 8-10 years and will look to see what new machines hoover has on the market .
i am not a fan of the pause and pour feature .  it is a button and if the pot is not directly under button the coffe over flows .  on two occasions the machine stopped dripping coffee in the pot ,  casing grounds to overflow the filter .  i can only assume the pot was not perfectly placed .  i searched for a red coffee maker at a resonable price but could find none without this type of pause and pour .  i may have to remove button for 100% satisfaction .  but i love the red accents in my kitchen
i decided to buy this riedel sommeliers bordeaux grand cru and burgundy glasses from amazon due to the the price and the name .  when they arrived both were damaged .  i returned them and wait for the replacements .  when i got it ,  surprise surprise ,  they were all damaged again and amazon said that they won't replace them anymore and i needed to return them again for the refund !  !  !  the worst experience in online shopping ever !  !  !tips :  buy these beautiful riedel glasses somewhere else .  trust me !  !
this kettle has so many design flaws i don't know where to start .   it doesn't whistle when it boils so if you leave the room you could have serious overflow before you get back .   the spout is at such a steep angle that it often pours beyond the cup .   the shape  ( especially the angle )  of the handle means that it gets very hot -- i can't hold it without a pot holder -- and your hand gets scalded by the steam when you pour the water .   mine also already started rust on the outside .i purchased this kettle about six months ago and i'm going to have to now buy another one
indeed ,  there is a glass bottom ,  the walls are nonstick ,  there are even two nice handles .  the seal between the actual pan and the glass bottom leaks something terrible if you use it in a bain marie .  apart from that though ,  it's fine
i bought this to replace my old mouli grater which finally bit the dust .   big mistake .   it is sturdy and reasonably well designed ,  but  the grating surfaces barely work at all ,  or at least mine didn't .   to get it to grate cheese takes a long time and a lot of muscle ,  so much so that you are likely to start wondering how badly you really want the grated cheese .   i tried the grater drum on reasonably fresh parmesan and later tried the shredder drum on jarlsberg .   neither drum worked satisfactorily .  that may be because it is made in china where hard western-style cheese is nearly unknown .   yeah i  know it says miu france but the box clearly says  " made in china "  .   i finally got so mad i threw it out in frustration
this thermometer worked flawlessly for the first 3 months ,  then the probe broke .  don't ask me how it broke because i cannot see inside the metal do-hicky .  a replacement probe is $10-15 provided you can find one .it seems all these units have problems with the probes .  well ,  enough for me .  i'll go back to my traditional thermometer
if i could give no stars for this ,  i would .  i've been using electric skillets for more years then i care to say .  i love cooking with them and when my last one simply wore out from so much use ,  i bought this one .  what a mistake .  after only minimal use ,  the middle of the pan began to burn extra hot and all the food was sticking and burning .  then the coating began to peel from the pan .  the middle began to buldge slightly so the surface was not flat for even frying .  what a nightmare !  !  this pan was less then two months old !  and i do know how to treat and cook with electric skillets - just in case you were thinking i did something to cause this .  i have never been so disappointed in a product before .  however ,  it did have a new place in our home - the trash can .  guess i should have read the reviews first .  now that was my mistake !  !
item was not the one ordered ,  i returned it and the reolacement you sent was also incorrect .  i returned this second item for credit .  you had placed your sticker with bar code over the manufacture's bar code and your label was incorrect .  i hope you correct your error before you send several custmers the wrong ite
i've used my pan twice before reviewing .  the first time was corn muffins and they came out really well .  they muffins popped out with ease .the second time i made lemon cupcake with white chocolate chips ,  and it was harder .  the pan was hard to transport to the oven full of batter .  halfway through baking ,  the batter drips onto the oven floor ,  causing me to put a muffin tin under the pan .  when baked and cooled ,  the cupcakes broke while popping out
having read the other reviews of this product on this site ,  i decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other reviewers had encountered .   i ordered three of these products from this site ,  and when they arrived ,  not a single one of them worked - at all .   they were completely useless and despite trying everything other reviewers and the manufacturer suggested ,  these products are completely useless .   although i have contacted the manufacturer of this product about the defects ,  i would still like the buyer to be aware that if purchasing this product from this website ,  that if the product does not work ,  it can not be returned for a refund or even exchanged .   thus ,  your credit card will still be billed ,  your dogs will still be barking ,  and you may get stuck with products that are worthless .
the lid does not fit and is not heavy enough to keep it firmly on the pot . it allows liquids to escape . i think this could be a problem
we have had ours less than one year and we hate it for all the reasons everyone else have listed .   it doesn't toast evenly etc .   don't buy it
i have a profesional 6 model ,  and i did everything the recipe said for 1 batch of regular spaghetti pasta .   it didn't kill the mixer ,  but the motor became very hot !   i will never use it again .   i also have the roto slicer/shredder ,  fruit/veggie strainer ,  food grinder & sausage stuffer attachments .  .  . none of these have even made my stand mixer very warm .   --that tells me the pasta maker attachment is a bad product .   i am thankful that my model is 525 watts .  .  . i could only imagine what would have happened if i had a classic 300 watt model !my best advice is to pick up an inexpensive pasta machine or an emperia hand crank pasta machine .  they run between $20-40 without a motor or $80-120 with a motor  ( that you can also buy separately for $50-80 )  .  --a very small price to pay ,  if you want to keep your kitchenaid stand mixer !
i strongly agree with the last reviewer- this unit is extremely overpriced .   i also have a all-metal zinc alloy unit that included 2 extra worms ,  aluminum foilcutter ,  stainless steel bottle stopper and pourer and gift box for $25 .   this one ,  at $150 ,  still has a plastic body
i have brewed coffee with and without the ridiculously expensive filters and cannot tell the difference .  if there was ,  i still wouldn't pay this much for plastic and charcoal .  what were the designers thinking  ?  ?  ?  it is just coffee ,  not fine wine  !
i really thought i would like this product when i got it out of the box .   it's looks well made and looked easy to use .   i followed instructions and cleaned it throughly and put my recipe misture and miniture sausages in it to slowly heat and to use as an appetizer .   i put the the heat setting on warm as i was not in a hurry and i left the room for about 5 minutes .   when i came back there was mixture all over my cabinets ,  counters ,  etc .  and what was left was boiling and sputtering like mad .   i later found out that no matter what heat setting i used it would over heat .   i cannot recommend this product to anyone i'm sorry to say
50% of the bags leak .   the plastic is thin and rips easily .   don't even think about using these for uder the bed storage .   the bags will get tears on them if you just breate on them heavy .
i love vornado products but this doesn't qualify .  very little breeze .  you have to turn the fan around to turn it off which means that about half the time i get whacked by the cloth blades .  it should have a power switch on the cord instead .  it's a trendy gadget that will only please people who are not vornado customers
the description does not tell you that you still have to add water to unit in addition to the gel packs .  i chilled my chardonnay for seven minutes and it was still warm .  i had to chill it for 20 minutes to get it cold enough to drink .  gel packs don't allow you to chill several bottles without having to refreeze them or add ice to the machine .
i have had the blue ecopods for well over a year now .  ilove the taste of the coffee and it does give a fair amount of foam but hard to clean .i saw the presto mypod and leaped to try it .  the coffee overfills the cup making it too weak and no room for creamer .   there is absolutely no foam .  i got hooked on the senseo foam .   we will use it in a pinch but only on the 1 cup setting with 1 1/2 scoops
my wife and i purchased the 40616 hamilton beach perculator at k-mart .  after only 8 months of service the perculator would not keep the coffee hot--only luke warm . k-mart refused to do anything about the problem because they only warranty the coffee pot for 90 days .  this should give you an idea of what k-mart thinks of the quality of the hamilton beach 40616 perculator . when i  called hamilton beach customer no-service i was told to send in the cord from the coffee pot and a check for $9 . 95 and they would replace their defective equipment .  the $9 . 95is 25% of the original price of the perculator so i will decline their offer .  if their perculator only last for 8 months i don't even want to pay the $9 . 95 to get a new one .  i feel that it should have been replaced for free !  in their warranty booklet they tell you that the 40616 perculator has a limited 2-year warranty but that is only if you are willing to pay $9 . 95 to ship their defective equipment back to them .  because of this experience with the hamilton beach 40616 coffee perculator i will never purchase any hamilton beach equipment in the future . i will also not purchase anything else from k-mart
i was disappointed in this product .   the butter slid out of the bell and into the water .   i think it would be better if the inside of the bell wasn't glazed
this item is the black sheep of the all clad line .  it is not a triply pan like other all clad products and is made entirely of stainless steel ( no aluminum )  .  it is also made in korea where other all clad products are made in the usa .there are better roasters out there for less than half the price of this roaster
i bought this for my mother-in-law at her request .   she has arthritis and saw it on tv .   she also wanted the free gripper that came with it .   i scoured the listings at amazon looking for one that included the gripper ,  even paid a little more for it .   she used the can opener once and it broke .   the  " free "  gripper required sending away for it and an inflated s&h fee
don't be fooled by this apparently well-designed grater .  the hinge is weak and will break .  the grater looks and feels great ,  but don't expect it to last
after many years of buying and discarding inferior knife sharpeners i have finally found one that sharpens even my dullest knives .
the kitchenaid professional 5 plus  ( kv25g0x )  is a great product ,  but you should buy it elsewhere .  we ordered it from amazon ,  and got the commercial  ( km25g0x )  instead .  we did not want that ,  so contacted customer service .  they said they'd exchange it ,  but they sent us another km25g0x .  no good ,  obviously .  then ,  the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse ,  so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise .  they said they sometimes substituted similar products .  great .at this point we gave up ,  and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
i needed a compact cleaner to tidy up after my delightful cat decided to soil my couch .   i had read other reviews of the bissell little green machine that were unfavourable ,  so headed off to the store to find something else  .   .   .   .  the atlantis express looked interesting ,  and i hadn't seen it before .suffice to say ,  it did get the cat stains out of the couch ,  but not after revealing itself as a really poorly designed product .- the machine is loud ,  very loud- the cleaning 'head' on the end of the hose has a 'flip-up' cover to make it easier to clean where it sucks in lint and stuff into the machine .   that is a great idea ,  but there is no gasket to make the joints true and tight  .   .   .  .  so while it may have 2 times the power of other machines based on sheer power of the motor ,  it looses some of this power when you actually use it to try and suck water and cleaning solution back up .- the option to spray water and solution or just clean water is part of what appealed to me about this machine .   however to accomplish this ,  the cleaning head has 2 seperate spayers on the underside .   neither are centered ,  the one on the left operates when you have the slider set to solution and the one to the right operates when you have slider set to rinse .   as they are not centered ,  they overspray quite a bit past the edge of the cleaning tool .  mine sprayed a wide swath of rinse water about 3 inches past the edge of the cleaning head .   to top it off ,  when you release the trigger ,  the cleaning head continues to drip water for a few moments ,  meaning that you have to go very slowly or risk dripping everywhere .while it functioned well enough to clean my couch ,  it was a brutal and terrible experience .   when i bought it i figured it could be used too on my car interior  .   .   .   .  but the frustration of cleaning a small patch on my couch quickly quelled that thougt .i returned the atlantis express to the store and went out and bought a hoover steam vac jr .  -- which i should have done right from the start--- the hoover runs circles around this machine
ok this is the stupidest thing i read all the reviews and all the nagitvive ones i agree with i wouldnt put a guggy just one guppy in the i have african cichlids mbunas to be exact and i have a 29gallon i over stocked mine but i dont carei have 15 if you count the two plecos ok i have a 60 gallon filter  . does this thing have a filter ?  ?  ? and if its only 6 . 34 gallons or 2 . 16 gallons idk its not worght it . if you want a small fish tank get a desktop or if you want a wall fish tank get a custom they only cost 1 , 000 dollars spend it its worth it byebye and thank
i'm normally a fan of oxo products and own many of their gadgets .  these measuring cups are the first problem product i've had from oxo .  .  . both the 2 cup and 4 cup sizes cracked on the bottom of the cup ,  right at the plastic injection point  ( that little circle with the tiny bump in the center of it )  ,  and they both now leak at the crack .  these cracks developed very soon after i bought them ,  and i only ever washed them in on the top rack of the dishwasher .  because of the design of the cups ,  it's kinda annoying to wash them by hand - and they're not great for measuring dry ingredients for the same reason .  so mine have gone into the garbage can ,  replaced by the kitchenaid cups of similar appearance  ( although without the handy interior measuring marks )  .  my advice ,  keep your receipt if you buy these .  or skip them and get the kitchenaid ,  which have a non-slip rubber ring on the bottom ,  another nice feature .  and they won't crack in the dishwasher
the thread count & softness of the sheets met my expectations ,  however the top sheet was the wrong size ,  it did not even fit across my queen size bed .  i had to return them .the holidays are coming up and i am very reluctant to shop amazon . com .  i was previously a happy customer
the professional label on this product is a big misnomer .ask frequent sewers and quilters what they hated the most about the last iron they replaced and they will almost invariably refer to leaking and the auto-shutoff feature if present .   typically ,  they press seams as a batch and go back to sewing .  .  .  only to return to a iron that has shut off and requires a reheating cycle .the auto-shutoff on this model makes it poorly suited for the sewing room where the 'professional' label should apply .this  ( and other )  rowenta iron produces good steam and can burst steam to a certain extent .   however ,  usually between 6 months and 1 . 5 yrs ,  rowentas begin to drip .   the valve design just doesn't hold up to water hardness that long .  failure number two .for garment sewers and quilters ,  a professional system with a separate water boiler  ( tank )  works far better :* won't shut off on you* since the iron doesn't make the steam  ( the boiler does )  ,  the sole doesn't have the 'hot spot' where household irons drip the water to make steam ,  which tends to scorch fabrics* true professional models have a thicker sole which will maintain a more even temperature  ( still without the hot spot )i teach sewing classes  ( garment ,  home dec ,  totes ,  etc .  )  and have completely walked away from household iron designs like this one .   you will not see this type of iron in a commercial workshop .   noone there would have the time to wait for the iron to get hot again every time you've been away from it .this iron is a better than average housesold model ,  designed for 'ironing' your laundry and not for pressing in a sewing room .for general ironing duty  ( like laundry )  ,  check out the t-fal 1759 ultraglide diffusion iron for about half the price .   my t-fal irons  ( i've had 2 )  have outlasted my rowenta iron ,  with just as good a performance and with the advantage of the ultraglide sole ,  a ceramic-like sole coating that does not scratch ,  even  over metal zippers  ( the stainless steal sole on the rowenta will scratch over metal zipper )rating this  ( and similar )  rowenta as a conventional household iron :performance 5durability  3  ( before it begins dripping )as a sewing room iron :  2overall rating :  2  ( because they label the product as professional ,  where it fails to the task )p . s .  :   for any household iron ,  be sure to empty the water tank after use to prolong the life of your iron .   leaving water in the tank leads to premature wear of valves and seals
beautiful to look at ,  but ,  i agree with other reviewers that buttons are difficult to operate and don't even work sometimes ,  plus be prepared to change batteries every few months--ridiculous for something that uses two lithium batteries and is not in heavy ,  or even everyday use
i loved this when i purchased it ,  then i noticed it did not do a perfect job ,  then it would take a while to get going ,  then it smoked and died .   not worth it
i have tried to purchase this item since may 2006 .  without explanation ,  after my order was processed and i was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and i received a notice that the  board was not available .how strange is that ?if you call the company they tell you the item is availble through amazon .would really like to understand what has happened .i feel somewhat less unhappy since i read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost .
yes ,  it looks good in my blue kitchen .  but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing ,  even when  " poured "  slowly ,  and boiling water splashes all over the counter .  also very difficult to fully empty .  sorry i threw out the box ,  or i'd send back
although consumer reports rated this model as #2 ,  i have found this a very disappointing purchase .  the cheap aluminum parts inside bend all the time jamming the toaster .  it toasts very uneavenly and inconsistently .  i am very sorry i purchased this toaster .  i was expecting much more from a toaster so highly rated but i've learned that consumer reports does not always get everything right .  listen to the other warnings and stay away from this toaster .  as soon as i find another toaster ,  this one goes off to goodwill .
in my case i can't even say it's noisy because the grinder didn't work at all !  manufacturing defect deprived me the chance to listen how it works
i bought two sets of these about 4 months ago .   after the first time in the dishwasher i noticed little tarnish/rusty looking spots .   they rubbed off fairly easily ,  but as time has gone by ,  they are looking very bad .   tonight while eating ,  i got a sliver in my finger from the fork !   i have never had a piece of flatware peel .   i'm going back to my old flatware .   sure glad i saved it !   don't buy this junk
easily the worst toaster ever .   brendaa the 5 star above must have gotten the single toaster in the whole production series that actually worked .   there are just not enough words in the english language to describe this utterly useless peice of junk that will not hold toast down etc .  etc .  .   well ,  maybe not useless ,  if you are looking for something to bring about a cathartic welling of emotions that has you standing in the yard with a maul and and a toaster at your feet .   i'd give it a minus 5 stars ,  but they do not even have a 0 star vote
if you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy !  adding oil or cooking sprays did not help ,  even bacon slices stick to this pan !  i finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it .  this pan is going in my next garage sale
while these are pretty & feel good in your hand ,  they rust .  i had them for 3 days when several of the forks began forming rust inside the swirly patterns .they are not 18/10 as advertised - they are only 18/0 .  .  . which is why they are rusting .i returned them promptly .
good idea bad product .  worked great 2 weeks .  magnets fell off end of week 2 .  probe quit week 3 .  costs more to return for repair than it is worth
my husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient ,  and with different schedules ,  easier to brew one cup at a time .  it worked fine at first ,  but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter .  this has happened to both my husband and me so it's not bad technique on our parts .  we follow directions exactly ,  but we keep having to stop it ,  open the lid ,  check the pods ,  reclose the lid and try again .  this takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter .  this just isn't acceptable ,  but it's mostly plastic so probably to be expected .  we have used other pods besides the senseo pods  ( which don't produce good coffee )  but that shouldn't be an issue as they're all the same size .  anyway ,  we're trashing it and have ordered the bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job .  i'll let you know in a future review .  my advice on this one is either don't buy it or if you do ,  based on other positive reviews ,  keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
i have been grinding my own coffee beans every morning for many years and have gone through quite a few different grinders .   i have always loved  cuisinart products and was very excited to purchase this one ,  what a mistake !   the grinder itself is really noisy and heavy for it's size .  the coffee grinds are never fine enough for my liking and they get stuck up inside the plastic top ,  making a huge mess and wasting a lot of coffee .do not waste your time or money on this one !  !
we have had the coffee maker about 2 months .  it makes good coffee but if you pour water too quickly into the left side of the reservoir you get air bubbles in the water level indicator .  told to pour on the right side .  .  .the heating plate covering has come off on about 1/2 of the surface .  what gives with that ?  ?  ?time to take it back and get another machine
we lived in asia for five years and we eat a lot of rice .   in asia we owned a very cheap rice cooker that worked perfectly well  ( but different voltage )  .   when we returned to the usa ,  i purchased the cuisinart 8-cup rice cooker  ( crc-800 )  thinking i was getting  " top of the line .  "   it made such an enormous mess every time we used it ,  so i called cuisnart to find out if somehow  ( despite meticulous reading of the instructions )  we were doing something wrong .   no ,  it seemed we were doing everything correctly .   so we tried a few more times ,  and then in exasperation returned the rice cooker for a new one .   we thought given the generally good quality of cuisinart appliances ,  this one must be defective .well the new one does the same thing !   i give up .   enough of the messes .   i got so frustrated i sent cuisinart a picture .   c'mon this is not high-tech stuff !   get it right or take it off the market
the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal ,  and price comparision made it more real ,  but after getting the item i found that it's true :  low price ,  low quality .  .  .  don't fall for this deal .  i am disappointed
i bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle .  this implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design
this was a great toaster ,  until it starting turning itself on .   after popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on .   kitchenaid has a recall on their proline series with the same problem but there is no recall on this model ,  yet .don't bu
i picked one of these up for my husband for father's day .  it looked like a great idea ,  avoiding the mess of ice and rock salt .  we followed the directions exactly and were very disappointed when chocolate soup emerged from the maker .  we put it in a container in the freezer and ended up with a chocolate brick !  needless to say ,  we are not at all happy with this product
the fs150 food slicer is fine for very light duty work such as cheese or lunch meats providing you don't push this unit too hard or use it too frequently .  ours lasted a year and a half of very occasional use before it burned out .  the two biggest drawbacks are the sliding rail and the motor/gear train .  first the slider is simply a  cheap plastic bushing on a metal rod that tends to bind up fairly quickly .  we found that a little olive oil wiped on to the rod kept things moving well enough but it needs to be treated every time you use the slicer and then cleaned afterwards .  food grade teflon or silicone spray did not seem to work as well as the olive oil .the big problem with this unit is the motor/gear train that drives the slicing wheel .  the drive gear is plastic and will not tolerate any kind of continuous load and will strip out fairly easily if pushed too hard .  we smoked the motor and stripped the gears just slicing up a couple of small roasts and we were not working the unit that hard .it does a decent job for the person that just wants to slice up a small bunch of deli foods for a party or do a weeks worth of cheese for the kids lunches but honestly a good knife will do just as well and not set you back ten minutes for cleaning every time you use it .if you are looking for a slicer to do more serious work you will have to spend the money and get something in the $400+ range .  what this slicer is good for the deli counter can do for you for free when you buy your bologna .
this was supposed to be the toaster to end all toasters .we had it for about 2 . 5 years ,  and now the toast brown on only one side .  the outer heating elements still work .  the inner elements work at about 1/3 capacity of the outer ones .  we now turn our toast around after a couple minutes to cook the other side .  until we find the next toaster to end all toasters .  this one was not it !
bought it two months ago ,  used it only twice and suddenly it stopped working within a week .  called manufacturer ,  got return label ,  sent in for replacement ,  but three weeks passed and i still have not received anything .  so i called them on nov 17 ,  2006 ,  and was told they don't have this model in stock .  the worst part is that they also said they do not know when it will be ever in stock ,  maybe tomorrow or may in a year .i wish i had tried to return it to amazon rather than called manufacture for return/replacement .do not buy this model !  !  !  and maybe we should not buy any breadman branded products at all since the customer service from manufacturer is astonishingly bad .
well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking .  the copper does ,  indeed ,  boil water fast ;  and that's the job of a kettle ,  i admit .  however ,  the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle .  as you tilt the kettle to pour ,  you're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers .  it's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst .while you learn how to not get scalded ,  this kettle is always at least slightly irritating .   there are better kettles around
i recently purchased this product .   the first time i used it ,  i thought it worked great .   i made a pot of chili and let it cook until we were ready to eat it that night .   the second time i used it ,  things were not as good .   the outer shell where the controls are were literally melting .   i had programmed this to cook for 10 hours while i went to work .   i came home that night and the hours had not changed .  i realized i didn't click the on/off button to start heating the cooker .   this may have saved a house fire .   i went ahead and changed the time from 10 to 4 hours .   this set the unit to high instead of the original low setting .   not 15 minutes after turning on ,  the outer covering was melting .   i immediately shut it off .   i see the 4 quart units were recalled back in 2004 for similar issues .   whatever their problem ,  it has not been fixed .   be aware of this serious problem when using your slow cooker .   i am returning mine and will exchange for a different brand
i really like oxo products .   i have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and i enjoy that they have nice big handles .   since i started getting gadgets for my kitchen i always wanted these measuring cups .   well i finally got them .   i was very excited to use them for the first time .   well i went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending .   i was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are .   i think i'll stick to my plastic ones from oxo ,  i had better luck with them
when it works ,  this blender does a fine job ,  and looks great .   however ,  our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year .  we sent it in ,  after many calls to customer service ,  and they kept the darned thing for 3 months before deciding to send us a replacement .   the replacement lasted only 2 years before the blades broke .   during that 2 years ,  we figured out that our extra set of blades didn't fit in bottom ring properly ,  and allowed fluid to pour through the motor .   great .   i should have save up to buy a vitamix instead
this pan is a pure junk .  there are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is not a non-stick surface .  this is true to the very end ,  i mean everything sticks like hell .so ,  if it sticks ,  why not buy a stainless steel pan instead .  all this polymer invention is complete b**ls**t  !  !  !  it doesn't do anything  !  i am returning this and i'll get a 1 yr-lasting nonstick calphalon from amazon .
although i like the concept of these storage containers ,  they crack very easily .   the bottom of one of the largest containers had cracked during shipping .   ( still useable for dry things like flour )   then as i was sitting on the floor putting the containers away in a bottom cabinet ,  i dropped on from 1-2 feet above a linoleum floor -- it too chipped and cracked at the point of impact .   also ,  when i first unpacked the containers ,  one of the lids came apart and the bottom half became stuck in the container .   we had to use a knife/fork and 2 people to pry it out ,  doing some damage in the process .   i believe the click clack folks have developed a second or even third generation of these containers .   perhaps they are sturdier .   on the positive side ,  i did store some tomatoe sauce in one of the containers and it did not stain
when our wonderful cuisanart four-slice toaster finally died ,  we replaced it with this horrible piece of junk ,  because it seemed most similar to the old one .   what a mistake !- even on the lowest setting ,  this toaster burns the crust at the bottom .- it is not easy to tell if you have it set for two slices or four .  with the old toaster ,  it was very easy to see .- the push-down slider does not move freely and sometimes has to be pushed down two or three times before it engages .- the old toaster let you select  " defrost "  and  " bagel "  at the same time .  the new toaster lets you select one or the other .all in all ,  a big waste of money and a major disappointment .
it's not made in germany that's for sure ,  it's made in china  ( like everything nowdays )  and i was really looking for german quality .
the coating does not last - extremely poor durability .   i've been very careful with this pan ,  using only wood or plastic utensils and washing by hand only .   didn't matter - within just a few uses ,  the coating flaked off and the edges on the underside are rusting .   waste of money
i have had this for 2years now and what a waste of money it has been .  i have used this a few of times before i decided to toss them .   this set was a disaster .   the parer is dull period and the peeler peels off much more than just the skin ,  you lose almost 20% ( no exaggeration )  of the fruit or the vegetable
it's too bad  .  .  .  i really wanted this to work ,  since i love soft serve .  but after using it twice i donated to goodwill .it would be great if somebody brought out a home version of the  " drill "  thing they use in some frozen yogurt places .  until then the best bet is to let the ice cream or frozen yogurt thaw in the fridge for a few hours ,  then stir it up with a spoon until it's the preferred level of softness
i ordered 3  ( 2x )  sets of these so that i would have a full complement of 6 cookie sheets .when they arrived ,  i noted that they were a bit lighter than the commercial quality cookie sheets that i had used previously ,  but my thinking was that if they baked well ,  that was all that counted .   i always bake with an exopat silicone mat on my sheets .upon the first use ,  when they were placed in the oven ,  the edges of the cookie sheets turned up about a quarter of an inch - an ominous sign that the sheets are too thin .   the next thing i heard was the tap tap tap of sheets buckling in the oven .   lack of dimensional stability at 350 degrees f translates to poor heat conduction ,  and burned cookie bottoms .   this symphony of metal buckling ,  courtesy of my new $15 cookie sheets .even with the exopat silicone sheets on them ,  the cookies were barely done when i decided to pull them from the oven to save the bottoms from getting burned - typical of cheap ,  thin cookie sheets that one knows one needs to  " double pan "  to prevent burning .   what a wonderful situation amazon has presented me with - $90 and a garbage can full of cookie sheets .yes ,  into the garbage all six sheets went - no matter how costly ,  its even more so to live with poor quality baking implements and invent work-arounds to augment their performance .   these are no better than inexpensive supermarket cookie sheets - actually they're worse - with the price-point of supermarket wares ,  one can infer the quality that one is getting .i used to believe brands like calphalon stood for quality ,  and this translated into some assurance that products bearing premium names would be of ,  at least ,  mezzanine quality .   when i buy on the web and cannot better scrutinize the items i'm choosing ,  i tend to favor trusted brands .   as it turns out ,  these sheets did not have the calphalon name on them anywhere - calphalon apparently made the decision to buy up a bunch of cheap -made in china- cookie sheets and sell them at a premium price by leveraging the calphalon brand .with the holiday baking season upon us ,  what do i plan to replace them with ?   the vollrath cookie sheets  ( not non-stick ,  but i use silicone mats ,  so do i care ?  )  recommended in cooks illustrated magazine .   they're in stock at chef resource - their price everywhere is $19 but most vendors are out of them .   they're due to arrive via ups day after tomorrow - tuesday ,  10/17 .   holiday baking is much too sacred a tradition to be left in the hands of calphalon ,  apparently .if i could give them no stars or provide an icon of 6 sheets going into the trash ,  i would so rate them .
well im the newest victim of exploding pyrex .   last night i was cooking some salmon in my 3-quart pyrex that i've had for 3 years and used many times before .   it was in my oven at 400 for only 25 minutes .   i pulled it out and set it on the counter .   well i leaned in to check the salmon and as i pulled away the glass exploded !  not just broke but a full on explosion of glass flying everywhere .   thankfully i pulled away when i did because if i had pulled away 2 seconds later i would have had a face full of pyrex shrapnel .  i came away with only a few small cuts on my stomach .  .  . and from what i've heard i was lucky .   even though my boyfriend and i swept and vacumed our kitchen last night there was so much glass that in the morning light i could still see little pieces of glass all over the kitchen .   im not taking any chances ,  im throwing out my other pyrex dishes and switching to all aluminum trays .   please do not use pyrex !  it is not worth the risk !  you may have a few years of good use ,  but is it worth risking your safety or that of your children ?edit- i would just like to comment that i was using the dish within the guidelines .  the oven was 400 and the dish was only in there for 25 minutes .   the kitchen was rather warm and the surface i set it on was not hot but definately not cool .  .  . so there was no drastic temperature change .   there were no scratches or cuts any where on the tray so i do not feel that the explosion was in anyway my fault .  this explosion was purely the result of a poorly manufactured item
it says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong .  it does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of each burner causing the handles to be right ove both burners .  very dissapointing ,  i love the le creuset normally and was really looking forward to having a grill pan made by them .  unfortuanatelly due to the shape it will not work for just one burner either .  hopefully they will come out with an updated one ,  until then my search for a good 2 burner grill pan continues
read the one review , five stars , have no clue as to why . it  is a piece of junk . first the handle closes on my fingers  continously , next it barely heats  , even on high , very poor  steam . the teflon soleplate is rough and drags on the fabric . i wasted my money on a piece of trash from china .    hope this does someone some good . bewar
i was really looking forward to receiving this ,  but four weeks after purchasing online ,  i received an email from amazon saying they did not have a supplier for my purchase !   i am disappointed in amazon .   how can you sell something you do not have
i agree with the other reviewers ;  had the machine for a couple weeks ,  after 5 uses the machine didn't sit right on the base ,  causing the teeth between the base and the container to grind a bit .   after that ,  it was all downhill .   the base teeth were completely ground down within 2 uses .   interestingly ,  the new back to basics smoothie machines seem to have a better locking mechanism ,  and teeth that seem to be made of more durabe material
i have had my super bark free for 3 years .  never really worked the way i hoped but i spent so much on it i keep trying .  well now it doesn't work .  can't turn it off and it doesn't cycle when the dog barks .i called lentek and the pleasant young man on the phone told me if it was within the warranty period  " 1 year "  they would just replace it .  i told him i was willing to pay to have it repaired .  he said ,   " we are just the distributor and don't support repairs of our product .  that is the key ,   " they do not support their product "
the second one came today .  it is also dead on arrival .do not bother with this one
the blender part that holds the blade broke the second time i used it to crush ice .  the food processor part works ok ,  but the major problem is it's extremely loud .  it's beyond the pain level .  it's so loud ,  i have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards .  it's louder than my circular saw
i've never had trouble fitting my butter stick in the fiestaware butter dish .   never .   but the reviewer sho couldn't get hers to fit did give me a chuckle
i never got to use this item .   i turned it on and for some reason the heat seemed transfered to the screws in the hinge .   it just fell apart and started smoking .  the hinge was very cheaply made .  i would not buy this product again .
oxo usually makes great things ,  this sifter does the job ,  but if you're making something large be prepared to be there awhile .  it's very slow and after awhile your arm will start to tire .  i would not recommend this sifter ,  just too slow for even making a small batch of cookies .
the name revere ware used to mean exceptional quality ,  now it means  " just more chinese crap "  . the bottom is so thin it can't have the logo stamped properly . the redesigned handle has an impossible to wash void in it .  in all fairness it is better than most imported junk
a normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse ;  this machine requires a wash ,  rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit .   you can't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out .if it wasn't for the fact that we spent nearly $100 for this unit ,  i would throw it away .save your money - don't buy it
i was very surprised at how large this grill was when it arrived ;  way too large for my countertop at least ;   it just seemed like more trouble than it was worth ;  it seemed easier for me to just broil food in the oven frankly ;  i mean the only thing you are going to get from using this grill is the grillmarks on your food ;  nothing can duplicate the flavor of cooking on an outdoors grill ;  the size turned me off as well as the inconvenience of using the product .   it is one of those products that you will use once or twice and then it will end up lost somewhere in your cabinets
i bought this coffee pot after owning the older version of the grind and brew .   silly of me to think this would be an improvement .   the front load basket design is terrible .   it is a true  " pain "  to clean this section ,  you cannot get your hands or any tool i have in my kitchen to clean the mechanisms .   therefore ,  the brew basket sticks and at times the latch that holds the basket in will at times be gummed up .   then when you start to brew your coffee thinking that the latch is closed ,  its not - its gummed up .   not a problem until the heat and moisture from the brewing coffee loosen the gunk up and your basket shoots out and the coffee brews all over your counter .   as many times as hubby and i try to clean this its become too much of a pain ,  this coffee pot is out of here .  .  .  and on its way to the curb .   i actually am contemplating sending it back to cuisinart in pieces !  !  !  !  !  !poor design .    did i mention the coffee itself does not seem to have the same flavor as the other machine .   i think this one brews at a higher temp making the coffee bitter .my advise as a seasoned coffee maker/drinker .   pass save your money and your headaches
we never even plugged this sucker in .   i wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan ,  and this unit was supposed to do that .   what none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this  " countertop "  unit should not be used underneath a cupboard .   don't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them ?   also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4 "  clearance on the sides :  so whatever the dimensions of the unit are ,  you need to add 8 "  .   i'm sending this monster back and getting something smaller
pros :  the oven part works great .  i like the fact that it is controlled by a timer ,  meaning that you can set somthing to cook for 20 minutes and then it turns itself off .   for cooking things ,  the double rack is also handy ,  although you only get one pan  ( luckily ,  i saved the pan from my old toaster oven )  .cons :  the toaster part is horrible .   this thing burns my toast every time ,  unless i watch it carefully and take it out at precisely the right time .   part of the problem seems to be that the timer doesn't work very well in small increments ,  and in some cases never turns itself off .   also ,  the bottom rack is completely useless when toasting ,  so the fact that they are touting this as a 6-slice toaster oven is misleading .
too slow to give reading almost never changes
mine died after 6 months - half the heating elements stopped working ,  toasting only one side of the bread .   took it apart - no loose or broken wires ,  so must have been the circuitry .   chucked it in the garbage .while it was working ,  it would jam easily .   the push-down handle has a flimsy metal tang that twists easily  ( when kids or oafish adults use it )  .   the tang then rubs against the slot ,  incinerating the toast
you are better rolling your windows down !  this thing does not work .  i have a sharper image one that is alot better .  this one is a generic imitation that does not clean the air .  crap !  !  !  !  !
i've had this for about 2 months and the handle snapped right off .   when it was working it was great ,  but for the price i expected to get more than 6 uses !   i'm very disappointed
i bought this on 8/4/06 .   when i first got the coffee maker ,  i ran plain water through the machine to get the plastic smell out .   afterwards ,  the machine still smelled like plastic ,  now i've ran vinegar through the machine and still no help .   the horrible plastic smell is still there .   baking soda is no use also .   the only thing i've not used is bleach .   if you don't mind the plastic smell then this is a good small machine that works well with most coffee cups .   makes really hot cups of coffee and none of the leaking problems
i was at first very excited with my new zyliss salad spinner - it looks great ,  and it's much easier to spin than the older string-pull version  ( not to mention the old-school  " pump "  versions ,  which required a lot of effort )  .  however ,  as another reviewer mentions ,  it simply does not get your greens very dry .  i've been surprised and disappointed by the amount of water left on lettuce after spinning ,  and spinning ,  and spinning
i purchased the robinson pyrex candy thermometer as a replacement for my old ,  cheap tube thermometer that was giving off readings .my experience was that the probe failed to register temperatures above 100 degrees celcius .   it would get there and just freeze .additionally ,  the design of the thermometer makes it difficult to read exactly where your temperature is .   this makes it unsuitable for most candy-making where the difference of a degree or so could be critical .the physical design of the thermometer feels very sturdy and is a nice stainless .   it is rather deceptive since you think you may be purchasing a higher quality tool than you are actually buying .all said and done ,  after you replace the sugar ,  flavorings ,  creams and other ingredients from your spoiled batches of candy .  .  . and pay for the gas to run these errands  .  .  . the cost of using robinson's pyrex candy thermometer goes way up .use a cup of ice water .   or a more reliable brand of candy thermometer .   it's much better to shell out the extra dollars and get beautiful consistent results
this is not aubergine ,  a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin ,  but it is a light ,  bright purple .  sitting on my kitchen countertop ,  it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ;  glowing ,  shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting .  caveat emptor ,  unless you're color blind or really like bright purple
i have purchased these plates from amazon in the past and the earlier plates were made in england .   so ,  i ordered more to go along with my current set to find that now they are made in india and were not of the same quality as those made in england .  i sent them back .  i will say that had i not already had the more detailed & colorful items ,  i might have appreciated these of lesser quality more than i did .
i bought this thing due to my inablity to handle heat effectively anymore like i used to .  the unit was not deffective or anything like that ,  but it also only works under very specific conditions and that window is small .  while it is stated in the manual that it's not an a/c unit or super powerful and that it works off of evaporation .  i found it to be nothing more than an inconvienance than effective .  the fan at the back of the unit doesn't have enough power to move the lightest of feathers let alone allow one to feel anything .  while the manual claims that the fan is for cooling the back of your neck i find it is more functional to the evaporation chambers .  overall ,  the unit just keeps your neck wet and doesn't really cool anything .  i found that the unit did work a little more noticably if it was not that hot out and you stood still .  anything over 85 degrees and it fails .don't waste your money on this thing until someone comes out with a better system
i use a blender to do two things :  1 )  make smoothies ;  and 2 )  stir batter for crepes .this device apprently cannot handle frozen fruit .   the white ,  plastic  " teeth "  on the bottom of the blades ,  that mesh / connect to the motor's  " teeth ,  "  immediately started breaking .   three smoothies later only one plastic tooth remains and it is starting to fracture .    ( my smoothies were made of yogurt ,  o . j .  ,  some frozen mango .  .  .  nothing extreme .  )as far as the crepes go ,  even with only one  " tooth "  remaining ,  this baby still can stir eggs ,  milk ,  and a little flour  ( thank you for small miracles )  .   but .  .  .  the glass jug is a dribbler .   when you pour batter or smoothies or whatever ,  some of the liquid will always  ( i mean always )  dribble off the glass jug's lip ,  down the front of the jug ,  down the front of the control panel ,  and also into the recessed area where those  " teeth "  meet each other .   so .  .  .  you have to clean all the blender each time you use it  ( i . e .  ,  the jug ,  the control panel ,  the recessed area in which the jug sets )  not just clean the jug .  what a pain in the neck .once the last tooth breaks ,  this baby is going in the garbage .
in defense of amazon . com ,  the pan was not damaged during shipping .   it appears that the nonstick surface has been gouged on both pans .   i just got a refund .   poor quality .   don't waste your time
we purchased the george foreman 8 in 1 with the thought we would get the toaster oven we needed and some other features that would be nice to have .   the 8 in 1 does have alot of neat features ,  the issue is it doesn't do any of the features very well .   the toaster feature takes about 2 times as long to toast as a smaller ,  more conventional toaster oven .   the rotisserie is difficult to use and the grease catcher woefully inadequate .   we found out the hard way when we had chicken grease overflow out of the grill and onto the counter .   i can see this being a very good item for those with very small kitchens and in need of saving space ,  however ,  be warned that this oven has many shortcomings
i thought i was getting a true cooking stone - but it is only a bread stone .   cannot cook other foods on it .  i thought i was getting something similar to pampered chef cooking stone where i could cook meat ,  cookies ,  etc .  and it seasoned the stone as it was used .   if all you want is pizza or bread this may be the item - but it is very limited in use for the amount of space it takes up in the cabinet .
less than one month after puchasing this pasta machine all of the pasta dies have broken .   the ring nuts cannot hold the dies in place and they break .   maybe it is because i was making semolina pasta ,  but that should not be the case .   this machine has caused me way too much stress at dinner time .     knowing what i know now i would buy fresh pasta at the store
after very little use one of the glasses inner lining broke and is unusable
these are not farberware ,  but hoan -- which makes cut-rate kitchen implements like knives ,  measuring cups etc .  i sent these as a gift ,  and was hugely embarrassed when i showed up for dinner and found out i'd sent this junk . this is deceptive advertising at its worst -- shame on you ,  amazon !
i have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for $20  ( not on sale either - regular price )  .  same siz
not incredibly impressed with it ,  but it does keep me warm for the price i paid .
this was the single worst set i've ever used .  if zero stars would be an option ,  that's what i would have chosen .  the pot broke before we could even dunk a peice of bread into the cheese .  while it was warming on the stand it came with ,  i heard a sickening crack ,  so i immediately  ( tried )  to take it the pot off the stand .  the entire bottom of the pot and split away from the side .  .  . and cheese oozed everywhere on my counter top .everything about this set is cheap .  the pot  ( which was complete junk )  ,  down to the fondue forks it came with .  they where metal with plastic .  a complete waste of money .for your wallet's sake ,  save your money on this piece of junk and save up for a high quality set .
i've had two of these break on me now after normal use ;  the hinge gives way during the  " cleaning "  process
i have a set of mid-range henckels that i bought some years ago ,  and they are -much- better than this .   i bought this set for my daughter because they were a good compromise between quality and price ,  and she won't ruin then in the dishwasher .   i would have thought that henckels wouldn't make any actual crap ,  but this set comes awfully close .   the good thing is ,  boy are they sharp .   but there's bad things too .   only the 8 "  chef's knife and the shears have any feel of quality at all ,  the rest are -very- thin and flimsy .   'laser-cut' edges are overrated - make them another millimeter thick please ,  so they can make a precise cut without the blade bending and taking off in an unintended direction .  a good knife is an extension of the cook's intention - it does what you want ,  and does not require thought and pre-conception and compensation in every cut .   (  .  .  .  ) is waaay too much for one adequate chef's knife and some toys .   very disappointed in henckels ,  and in amazon too ,  i don't feel i got what i ordered .
i splurged on this pan because i was tired of the &quot ; wobble&quot ;  my cheaper pans developed on my smooth glass cooktop .  this pan warped severely after only 4 months ,  not any better than pans a fraction of the cost .  i plan on returning it for replacement ,  and will use the new one for low temperature sauces only
ugly and cheap looking  wife hated them  now using as rags to wash the ca
these bowls are wonderful - a great addition to my winterberry collection ,  however they came packaged in the same packaging as they would in store ,  so during shipment they were broken .   amazon was great to send replacements ,  but some of those were broken too .   i have finally received all dishes i ordered ,  but beware of receiving broken dishes
i bought this vacuum new and used it three times .  for those three times ,  it worked like a dream .  never had the carpet been so clean .  it even looked like a professional carpet cleaner had just visited .on the fourth use ,  the brush abruptly stopped rolling and the motor started smoking .  it cost me over $100 to repair .  beware buying this vacuum ;  repair shop owners will laugh when you bring it in because they see so many of them with broken belts and motors .  ignore what consumer reports says on this one and most definitley do not throw your money away on this piece of junk
i have used pyrex bakeware for over 20 years ,  and i was shocked when my fairly new 9x13 pan shattered .   i figured i just got unlucky and got a bad one .   i was going to buy a new one - thank goodness i read the reviews first !   and yes ,  i did follow instructions - i baked my lasagne at 350 degrees ,  did not use an open flame or broiler ,  etc etc .   i can't believe this safety hazard is still allowed to be sold !   i am so mad !   i am switching to corningware now
got this product by mistake from chef's tools .   grinding mechanism is made of plastic and it does not grind pepper .   have the black magnum and is the best peppermill ever ,   ( thats why we wanted a second one for the kitchen )  .   our black peppermill did not come from chef's tools
my kitchen is entirely kitchenaid ,  so i was very excited when kitchenaid released their silicone bakeware line .  i love the color and the way they clean up very nicely .  i also love that they do not get scratched or clank around in my cupboards .  however ,  i have noticed that when i bake in these ,  i can smell the silicone .  it even dominates over the smell of the cake or bread that i am making !  i have also noticed  ( especially with this bread pan )  that the silicone gives your dessert a slight silicone taste .  i own the muffin pans ,  so i use paper baking cups to prevent this from happening ,  but with the loaf pan ,  there is no way around it .
unfortunately ,  if you have an older gas oven like we do ,  the temperature of your oven may actually be higher than the temperature at which you set it on the dial .  this led to problems determining a safe temperature in which to use the trays .  we were all hesitant to eat the muffins i'd made because of the chemical/plastic smell .  i'm back to using foil muffin cups on a cookie sheet
after one wash cycle ,  these sheets split at the seams .   otherwise soft and comfortable
i received two of these baking sheets for christmas last year ;  by march ,  1/3 of the teflon was gone in spots .   by july ,  it was coming off in sheets when washed .   these never went through the dishwasher ;  always hand washed .   i threw them away and purchased baker's secret which seems to be satisfactory so far
i was so happy when i received this sheet set .  it looks beautiful  ( that's the reason why i am still giving 1 star )  .  but after a couple of nights of use the fitted sheet became ruff .  they pile !  !  !  !  if you are looking for comfort - as anybody who buys a 1000tc sheet set is - don't bather with these .  spend your hard earned money someplace else
the convenience tempted me to try this for $20 at my local grocery .  poorly executed & constructed ,  the pods were too expensive & bland .  will be donating this to charity
i bought the villaware double smoothee maker and it was a problem from the moment i pulled it out of the box .   first ,  the silver lable was not glued on the product and wouldn't stick .   next when i made the product using their receipe it wouldn't dispense from the spout and the spout connecting to the blender leaked .   tried calling the seller and emailing them about my problem and they wouldn't help .   i called the manufacture and since i bought it here from a vendor they would help .   so .  .  . now .  .  . its in the blender heaven of trash somewhere out there .   what a waste of money .   thank god for amazon's abc guarantee !  !
these knives are terrible !  the eversharp edge is finely  serrated and tears the steak leaving pieces of meat hanging on the edges .  it rips the food instead of cutting it .  i thought the henckels name would be better than this .  don't waste your money
so i read all your reviews previous to my purchase on this and was skeptical .  there were many reviewers that complained about cracks and problems holding an air-tight seal .  mine work perfectly !  they are invaluable and i'm glad i bought two of these canisters .  are you people sending the canisters through the dishwasher ?  if so ,  stop it !  the intense heat will eventually crack anything made of plastic .  do you have an old model vacuum sealer ?  maybe that's the problem - a performance issue .  i have the newer stainless steel v2860 and you couldn't pry that out of my hands !  i would give it 10 stars if there was such a rating .today ,  i give this product 5 stars .  like most products - only time will tell how well they will hold out in the long run
regarding the  " glue "  issue .   the cutting board came to me as described in lisa dryer's review below :   shrink-wrapped in plastic .   however ,  the product's label was adhered to the surface of the cutting board with a big glob of what appears to be that clear sticky stuff they use to hold inserts in magazines ,  etc .   .  .  .  .  . and it adheres to bamboo ,  for sure .   i managed to get most of it off ,  but a thin layer remains .   i figure that  " goof-off "  or some other solvent would get rid of it ,  but i don't want to put poison on something that'll be holding my food .one solution is to use only one side of the cutting board .otherwise ,  it appears to be a perfectly fine product
it's great ,  if it works !  !  !   after keep exchanging it over and over ,  i gave up the 5th time .  first time ,  spray didn't work ,  second time ,  power steam button didn't release the steam ,  third time ,  it was too strong fabric got stock underneath the iron and i couldn't clean the iron ,  fourth time ,  steam problem again ,  fifth time ,  steam problem again .  poorly tested product .  i would've been really happy to keep it ,  if it was working properly .  it actually had all the features i was looking for .  too bad for rowenta for not testing their products properly .
would look great if it lined up correctly .   goes together very crooked & doesn't line up 100% with other parts ,  & there are only three major parts .   i ordered two holders ,  & both have the same problems .   may redrill the screw holes to line things up better ,  but may just return both for a refund .i love the look ,  & it would be great if things were done correctly
i live in new york city where the temperatures and humidity are high .  all this does is make your neck feel cold .  i was still sweating after an hour !  try it if you want .  the sharper image has a money back guarantee for 60 days .  i dont know about amazon
i recently ordered a pedrini black & satin stainless steel tomato slicer through amazon . com .  the delivery was very prompt .the slicer came with a clear plastic cover for the blades .   but the problem is that the tomato slicer is very dull .   the tomatoes are literally torn up by the time they are completely sliced .   i would not order another one by pedrini .   i am not pleased at all with my purchase
the knife is solid and very comfortable in hand ,  however ,  when i got it new ,  the blade is slightly bent .  i expect it to be in almost perfect condition ,  but it's not
i've had my share of dutch ovens in my time ,  and i have to say that this is the foulest one yet .   i thought i smelled a good deal when i got it ,  but boy was i mistaken
amazon should discontinue sale of this item as replacement batteries are not readily available
it spins on the counter and the juice always slips out of the cup !  do not buy this piece of junk !  !  !  !  !  don't waste your money on this .
the blender looks very attractive but hardly works .  quite a bit of time even crushing a tomato .  hard to believ
we love this machine ,  but it continually breaks down .  the plastic parts are too brittle for the pressure that this pasta maker places on them .  we have waited many times for parts ,  and we have waited too long on the service line needing help .look for another machine that uses steel or metal parts that won't crack ,  chip or snap when making the machines pasta recipes .  best to you
this mixer runs too fast ,  even in it's lowest setting .   the beaters tend to throw food out of the mixing bowl .  uncontrolable .   would not suggest purchasing
these sheets are like 200 cotton count not 1200 cotton count .  do not order you will be sorry !  !
i have had the cuisinart dcc-2000 coffeemaker for about six months or so and loved it .   this morning ,  however ,  it decided to stop working correctly .    i left the kitchen while it was brewing and all of the coffee leaked all over the counter .   what a mess !   i then made just 2 cups and put a coffee cup under the spout and watched it .   sure enough as the coffee was brewing the spout was spewing .   i don't know what coffeemaker to buy now
this unit from cooking . com is made from china .   consider it to be a disposable unit .   the threads on it are worthless .   i got one single use out of them .   i thought it to be a fluke .   ordered another one .   same thing .   frustrated !i located a german made cast iron rosette iron online ,  from another reviewer .   there is a world of differences ,  between the $10 . 00 china junk knockoff and the german made one .   it is my opinion that the german rosette iron is worth every penny !   the german made cast iron rosette will no doubt be handed down for generations to come .   the threads alone are worth the higher price ;  however the quality is significantly noticeable .   the german made set is a much heavier set than the china made set from cooking . com .   it is my opinion that it is worth your time to do a bit more research than for settling for this chinese knockoff .   don't get me wrong - they are still better than aluminum any day of the week - but if you have ever owned an alfred andresen & co cast iron rosette set - you'll instantly know what i am talking about .
i have owned this breadman for one year .   i make between one and two loafs of bread per week .   mostly whole wheat bread .   i purchased the 900s because my previous machine was a breadman and it performed well  ( 8 years )  .pros :it makes a good loaf of bread .good selection of cycles .loaf is easy to extract from the pan .cons :the motor is not very powerful .   it lugs down when making whole wheat bread .after 7 months of operation the teflon wore off the mixing paddle .at 11 months the bearing failed in the mixing pan .overall i am disappointed in this bread machine and i could not recommend it
i ended up giving it to salvation army .  takes more than one cake mix .  more like 1 and a half to fill it up .  i didn't think it was worth the money .
i do not think any human being can fall asleep on this trash .  actually i can not even lie on this for more than 1 minute and i feel low back pain .it has good material but poor design .
i was looking for a springform pan for a particular recipe that called for 3&quot ;  sides .   i was delighted when i saw that you had one so i ordered it .  the item was misrepresented as the sides are like any other springform with 2&quot ;  sides .   i am sure it is a good pan  ,  but it didnot meet my expectations
great price ,  poor product .  they are beautiful upon arrival .  i washed them according to manufacturer's instructions .  you would not believe the copius amounts of lint that piled up in the lint catcher of my dryer  ( usually a sign of poor fabric quality )  .  while folding them up ,  i discovered that most of the hems had unraveled and frayed .  and i hadn't even used them yet !  unbelievable .  i returned them for a full refund ,  including shipping  ( and i stupidly purchased 2 sets )  .  goes to show you get what you pay for .  never again
difficult to start and difficult to maintain flame .   would think twice before buying again .    especially difficult if one is left handed
we had a krups for about 4 years at the office and the coffee was good .  we needed to replace it because the carafe broke and there was no replacement available  ( they discontinued the model and the carafe - thanks krups )  .  so ,  we replaced it with the fm4 .  i didn't like the coffee from the start - but i figured it would get better .  two weeks later ,  i dumped it for a bunn b10-b which got good ratings here .  get the bunn - it makes a good cup of coffee .we always use starbuck's coffee
i just baked a loaf of banana bread in my loaf baker and the entire bottom stuck to the pan when i turned it over .i am throwing it out and will never buy another piece of it
the top portion of the freezer works great .   the bottom drawer portion sounded great - no more digging to see what's at the bottom .   the reality is that the bottom drawer is only useful as overflow from my refrigerator .  i don't put anything in that part that i'm not willing to store at regular refrigerator temperatures .   it's a disappoinment
this is not aubergine ,  a dark purple like the color of eggplant skin ,  but it is a light ,  bright purple .  sitting on my kitchen countertop ,  it is a very formidable sight first thing in the morning ;  glowing ,  shimmering in kitchen flourescent lighting .  caveat emptor ,  unless you're color blind or really like bright purple
this citrus juicer has a very good external design .  the problem is that 30w is not enough power for doing the job well :  normal orange presure stops de motor !  the transmission of the power is done by cheap plasic parts ,  so they broke easily .  these parts broke after a dozen of uses in my case ,  so i do not recommend this machine .
a friend bought a food saver by tilia and told me that it would be wonderful for storing my bulk shopping in the freezer .   i saved for it and got it .   i used it a total of 10 times and not for long periods of time and it literally died .   i sent it back to the factory asking for a refund and they refused and sent me a refurbished one in return - they will not refund your money on the poor quality items they sell .   just be careful and do not let this happen to you - tilia looks much better on tv than it performs in real life .
i'm usually a big fan of kitchenaid appliances and i own a proline coffee grinder ,  which is excellent .  but ,  i could not get a good full-flavored cup of coffeee out of this machine .  i usually brew 4 cups at a time .  they have a setting for 1-4 cups ,  but the coffeee still turned out slightly weak and slightly bitter .  i returned it and will try something else
i suppose this will actually peel garlic ,  if you use it just right .  never ,  ever ,  ever get it wet .  it will not work .  also ,  you must trim off both ends of the garlic ,  or it won't peel .  and then ,  i still have to hand peel some of the more stubborn pieces .  it's just not worth the money .  if you look around ,  you can find much cheaper garlic peelers out there .  .  .  .  . buy them !
i thought it was a good deal to order a  " factory-reconditioned "  roomba 4210 discovery to save some money ,  however .  .  .it arrived !   i excitedly opened the box .   first impression .  .  .   the unit was dirty ,  very heavily scatched and scuffed .   not exactly a good first impression .i then lifted the roomba out of the box and i was immediately covered with dirt and dust .   the bottom of the box was also filled with dirt and dust and hair .   i flipped it over and discovered the brushes covered with dirt ,  dust and someones  ( or somethings !  )  hair .i was grossed out ,  but even worse ,  the other person in the room  ( who suffers from allergies )  started to sneeze violently .   i spent the next 20 minutes thoroughly vacuuming the entire room and all other horizontal surfaces i could reach .i think it is very obvious that nobody did anything with this roomba since the previous owner returned it besides transfer the polystyrene packing box to a new cardboard box that says  " remanufactured "  on it !in summary - be very careful !  !  !if you ordered a  " factory-reconditioned "  ,  be aware that it might be pre-filled with someone elses dust ,  dirt ,  hair and who knows what else .i think i might have to bite the bullet and pay full price .   i like the idea of this product ,  but not the pre-filled one i received
please note that i have several henckel knives that i really like ,  so this is definitely not a anti-henckel biased review .there is really only one problem with this knife - the blade is way too thick .   if there's only one problem - then why do i give it only one star ?   well ,  this one problem completely ruins this knife .   the 'eversharp' name i'm sure refers to the fact that the serrations are not the standard  " wave pattern "  you'd see on most bread knives .  instead ,  each serration has several smaller serrations and spikes built in .  i know that this is supposed to ensure that the knife will never end up dull - but in the process it makes it horrible at doing any kind of delicate cutting .  plus ,  the blade is not flexible in any way due to the extreme thickness .  unless you are cutting the sturdiest bread out there ,  you'll crush it while trying to slice with this blade .  forget about cutting any kind of soft bread or pastry .  i've found that some of our cheap steak knives work far better than this knife .i've come to the conclusion that this knife is horrible after comparing it to two other bread knives i now own .  the first was a paderno  ( small canadian company )  that we got for our wedding ,  and the second was a global bought from amazon .  both are considerably more expensive than this knife ,  but there are other ,  more economical options out there that are still far better .  you want to find a nice ,  thin blade with even and sharp serrations .  if you're looking to stay in this price range ,  you won't find anything forged - these will all be stamped or laser cut - but that's fine - the bread knife doesn't need to be strong like your chef's knife .pros :-cheapcons :-mashes your bread while it cuts-hard to get started through crusts due to blade thickness-the 'spiky' serrations are dangerous to your fingers  ( think many tiny needles along the blade )  - they tend to nick you easily - but they are useless for their intended purpose of cutting bread .suggestion :  steer clear .  if you can afford it ,  get a global  ( or even a better henckel )  .  otherwise ,  look for a the thin stamped blade
i like the cookware .   solid as calphalon always is ,  if you follow the link on the bonus item ,  it shows a 1-2 day availability .   today is dec 26 ,  ordered on nov 9 .   still waiting for the bonus .
we purchased a delonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired .  we barely used this product .  when contacting customer service we were told that there were no replacement parts available for our model and there was nothing we could do and nothing they would do for us .  my $20 toastmaster lasted more than 15 years !  this is the lsat time i buy a toaster based on appearance
now ,  i love the idea of having a chrome tub caddy until 2 months into having it ,  it begain to rust .  then the candle holder & the wine glass holder rusted off  !  !  !  i am now on the looking out for a plastic covered tub caddy .  a caddy is awesome to have but not in chrome  !  !
your freezer needs to at least zero degrees f in order to have the bowl freeze to a point the ice cream comes out a consistency thicker than a very thin milk shake .  i needed a seperate chest freezer in order to achieve these temps .the ice cream maker is made of cheap plastic which caused it to break after two weeks of mild use .   we attempted to correct the problem with cuisinart via e-mail and phone calls and the issue still is not resolved and therefore we are returning the ice cream maker .negative points aside ,  the ice cream maker did make great ice cream .   ( thanks mostly to the ben and jerry's recipe book we ordered at the same time .  )   we'll look into getting a better quality ice cream  maker in the near future .  it won't be made by cuisinart
i have had these for about 4 months  ( i own every size made )  ,  purchased to go with the other kitchenaid pieces  ( in red )  .  it is impossible to get these white again after using them to cut cheese ,  carrots or anything with any natural coloring in it .  i have tried cleansers with bleach ,  sprays with bleach and ,  in desperation ,  straight bleach !  scrubbing doesn't work either .  i finally got some wood cutting boards and wish i still had my so attractive other ones on the counter .
i agree with other writers .   this unit is very poorly designed and built .   cutting my third loaf of bread ,  the knife point came out of the guide ,  and on return ,  snaped one of the guides off .   not washable ,  end plate falls off while cutting all the time ,  unit slides over the counter when trying to cut  ( rubber feet would have cured this )  .   i would look elsewhere before buying this unit
i purchased this as a christmas gift in early december .  it didn't ship until february ,  which was okay .  by then i liked the way it looked so much ,  i bought one for myself .  they both arrived within a week of one another .both boards were treated with heated food grade oil and allowed to sit and soak it in .  after wiping off the oil ,  my board had surface cracks ,  where the oil had pulled some of the glue out from between the bamboo pieces .  within the first month of use ,  both boards developed cracks all the way through them .  both boards were never soaked in water ,  but just wiped with a damp cloth .this board may be beautiful ,  but it quickly became unusable and a waste of money .  now i'm looking for a good hardwood cutting board .   ( i've already replaced the gift board with another .  )all in all ,  this fiasco of a cutting board has cost me around $150 .  .  . and i have yet to replace my board
we have had this garlic press for a number of years ,  but now its handles have turned so gummy from repeated dishwashing that they turn the kitchen counter black just by laying it down .  plan on buying a new one every couple of years
the handle is big ,  bulky and heavier than need be .  it's like picking up a hammer
this is horrible .  .  .  .  . as stated by the other reviews !  !  !   do not waste your money or time !  !  !   my husband and i tried for several hours to get this to work ,  we let the dough come to room temperature ,  and still it would not work !
this product has a cute name ,  but it is very difficult to use .   i constantly have to take the nutmeg out and re-adjust it .   larger nutmegs do not fit in the storage area .   it's a lot of work to get a little bit of nutmeg - disappointing
maybe i just don't understand what this is supposed to do .   kitchenaid attachments are usually wonderful enhancements to their basic appliances .   but i haven't been able to create volume or foam in drinks with this attachment .   can't see that it does much more than a spoon ,  and certainly doesn't do as much as a plain wire whisk .   it's not portable like those cheap ,  little drink mixers .   when i'm at home ,  i have my immersion blender  -  a much better option for mixing liquids .   maybe this is good for something i haven't tried yet
the product is an average product ,  do not think it is a top seller ,  another retailer has the same item cheaper .  .   the delivery and customer service is the wrost i have ever experienced .  .  .  .  would not order this item again with the poor delivery .
this set looks gr8 only in the foto .  in reality ,  it has a very dull look .  not worth buying .  i got 2 queen sets and greatly disappointed with this purchase from amazon !  price is cheap ,  so is the quality of the comforter set !
these towels are very poor quality !  i guess i can use them to dry off my dogs .  if you really want cheap almost see through towels these are the ones for you
to start with ,  the one-star rating is actually for the customer service department .   when it works ,  the product itself is fine .i bought the unit last christmas and used it frequently until early summer .   at that time it began functioning only intermittently ,  then soon quit altogether .   tilia assurred me that it was covered under a one-year warranty ,  that it would be replaced ,  and that i needn't return the original unit .   our next call was prompted by its failure to arrive in a reasonable time .   we were told that they had no replacements ,  it was back-ordered ,  and would arrive within several weeks .   when it didn't ,  i called again and was told that the replacements had arrived and would be shipping soon .   our next call yielded the information that the replacements had not arrived afterall and that tilia had no idea when they would .   the saga continues .  .  .get a food saver--but from another company rather than tili
disappointed with the size of product ,  have not used it yet
i bought this pan as a christmas gift for my husband .   it would have been easier if i had just put a match to my money and burned it .   he has given up using this pan .   he even read the directions thinking he was doing something wrong .   every egg he placed in it stuck to the side of the teflon rings .   what a shame .   the only use would be to throw the rings away and just use it as a regular pan .   don't waste your money
the handles ,  although very cushioned ,  are too fat for my hands  ( which admittedly are rather small )  .  i never really got to give either piece a true test though ,  because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well .  i can't really recommend either ,  although the parer was a little better than the peeler
after many years of loving rowenta irons i have to say i am very disappointed the dx1700 .   it has already  " died "  on me .   the first few months it worked very well .   the steam power that most rowenta's have is great .   but i am very disappointed that it will no longer heat up .
super bark free didn't work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor's dog's extremely irritating ear-piercing loud barking - he merely ignored it  ( though fortunately my neighbor was good about trying to keep the dog quiet )  .  i'm mad that i wasted a lot of money on a totally ineffective product .if you decide to purchase super bark free ,  be sure it's returnable for a full refund if it doesn't live up to its claims .  and in the meantime ,  shop around for a more effective product
very disappointed- feels cumbersome around the neck and blows very little ai
i had older 500 thread count sheets that were better ,  lighter ,  smoother .   these feel like 200 thread count sheets .   complete waste of money
its a traditional serveware for serving the soup course the color of the tureen set allows it to be used with many of the dinnerwares &amp ;  the size is adequate to serve at least 8-10 people . the under plate is something  not found with usual tureen sets which gives it an elegant look but it appears a little overpriced
i bought this with a lot of expectations hoping to cook indoor healthy grilled meats during winter .  as soon as i saw the pan i was a little disappointed with the ridges .  they are deep  ( which is good )  but very thin and not thick as it appears in the product photos .  so your meats will be less brown .after rubbing it with a litlle oil before cooking i set out to make my first set of turkey burgers .  now the way i make my burgers is by adding some chopped onions ,  garlic ,  and green chillies to the ground meat .  that is where the pan gave problems .  the meat cooked ok but the small pieces of chopped onions ,  garlic ,  and chillies that fell out of the patties got burnt very fast and stuck to the pan making it difficult to clean .  i spent about 20 mins cleaning each time .for cooking meat that is seasoned only this pan may be ok .  for me it is sitting in the closet after two tries .  i did not return it because the shipping costs would have made returning it too expensive in itself .update  ( 12/18/2004 )  i bought a hamilton beach 31603 electric grill for around $20 which is tremendous .  it is non-stick ,  dish-washer compatible and cooks great .
hi ,  i usually don't complain about the products that i buy because i consider myself a savvy consumer ,  but in this instance i was dubbed big time !  a few years ago ,  we received a  krups coffee maker as a wedding gift and we love it !  however ,  this particular toaster rarely worked .  in fact ,  i would say that 85% time it would either not toast or would  " flip "  the toast prematurely e . g .  5 second or less .  i have no idea if this is a  fluck in quality control or not ,  but i highly recommend buying a  different toaster .  i know ,  i thought ,  krups makes a toaster ?  wow ,  i'll buy it ,  after all how hard can it be for a german company to manufacture functional a toaster ?  well ,  evidently ,  they have issues .
although i only hand washed these pots and pans ,  somewhere between the 2nd and 3rd year ,  the nonstick coating on the pans started lifting .   i also do not use metal cooking utensils .all that being said ,  i still use these pots and pans  ( been almost 5 years now )  .overall ,  i originally bought this set for ~$300 5 years ago .   the pots are still in excellent condition .  if i was looking for pots and pans ,  i would consider purchasing another set at $150 .i do cook a lot  ( used for business )  so my 5 years with these pans may equate to 7-10 years of normal use
these were sent instead of the black-handled set i ordered so i thought i would give them a try .  they are listed as  " dishwasher safe "  ,  but evidently are not .  brown stains  ( rust ?  )  appeared on the tops of all the handles .  i cleaned them with silver polish ,  but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings .  i have returned them and received a refund
nice pattern ,  but you cannot find the glasses that go with it
i am on my third machine now ,  and it too is leaking .   dont get me wrong ,  the coffee tastes really good ,  always fresh .   but after a while the machine starts to leak when you are making a cup of coffee .   i guess the machine only cost 25 bucks now ,  so if you dont mind only using it for a month it is a great buy
i had a hard time with this product .  the item does not cut the dough well and the ravioli kept opening as a result of this .  in my opinion ,  i like the size of a 12 count ravioli maker better .  this 10 count makes ravioli thats too large
this is our fourth new blender in the last three years .   my wife and i prepare one large smoothie everyday that has no ice ,  but lots of frozen berries ,  fresh fruit ,  etc .  nothing else goes in the blender .  this blender looked nice and was so heavy it implied quality .  it even worked great for a few months .  then one day the gear that delivers power from the base to the jar stripped right off .  now it is out of warranty .  this is not simple to replace since the plastic/rubber piece separated from the steel shaft .  we paid close to $100 for this thing so spending a couple of hours bringing it to someone who will charge $25-$50 to repair it seems like throwing good money after bad .this blender , like many others that i will not waste anymore time reviewing ,  is described as heavy duty ,  industrial or commercial grade .   none-i repeat-none of the ones sold at your retail store are comparable to the better commercial models .  save yourself time and money and buy the real commercial models that will last you a lifetime .   you can easily find quite a few brands and reviews on the internet .  the ones used in restaurants ,  bars and other food service businesses are constructed to a higher standard and have replaceable parts that are readily available over the internet .  be prepared to pay $200-$500 .for someone who only occasionally will use a blender to make margaritas  this may be a very useful blender .
first ,  when you use the temperature probe ,  the meat temperature shows on the display .  also ,  it is very easy to set the temperature alarm .  however ,  there is a small switch that must be turned on to activate the alarm .  good for one burned roast .  granted ,  a mistake you will only make once .second ,  when the timer gets to zero ,  the alarm sounds ,  and the timer switches to an elapsed timer .  a very nice feature .  however ,  there is no way to shut off the alarm without stopping the timer .  it will eventually shut off after one ear-splitting minute .otherwise ,  it works
took the blender out of the box .  cleaned the jar and lid and started trying to use .   it ran for a few seconds and then i started smelling something burning and the blender quit .   i attempted to contact customer support and couldn't get through .   the telephone message suggested i leave a message and they would call back .   i attempted to leave a message but it said the mailbox was full .   not a good sign
we received the hamilton beach brewstation 12 cup coffeemaker as a gift from my sister-in-law .   she loved hers and had used it for a few months so she bought one for us .   shortly after buying this for us ,  her coffeemaker started leaking .   she thought it was just worn out from the six months of use and purchased a different type to replace hers .we used our brewstation for the first time yesterday .   the night before ,  i set it up and programmed it to make coffee at 5 : 00 am - perfect ,  we could get up and have coffee already made .   it worked great .   a minor problem is that i enjoy coffee throughout the morning and the coffeemaker shut off after two hours .   not a big deal in the grand scheme of things ,  i just turned it back on and life was good .now before i go on with my story ,  i need to explain how this coffeemaker works .   you pour the water into the first reservoir  ( for water only )  using the coffee tank to measure the amount of water .   the coffee tank is placed back on the coffeemaker and the coffee filter and coffee is placed in a basket that fits on top of the coffee tank .   the coffee is made and held in the coffee tank .   to dispense the coffee ,  you place your cup below the tank and push on the dispenser button with your cup .   coffee pours right into the cup .   great idea ,  too bad it doesn't work as well as the concept !today coffee was brewed at 5 : 00 am again .   that's the only thing that worked well .   when my husband tried to get a cup of coffee it poured out and would not stop .   the cup overflowed ,  the coffee ran all over the counter and continued to flow until he unplugged it and put the entire coffeemaker in the sink .   it finally stopped pouring out when it ran out of coffee .   i've cleaned the coffee tank and it continues to pour no matter what i do .   since this coffeemaker runs just under $ 50 ,  the twelve cups of coffee we've made with it very expensive !i've emailed hamilton beach and am awaiting an answer to this dilemma .   i need to purchase another coffeemaker today and it definitely won't be a hamilton beach brand .   i can't afford to purchase a new coffeemaker every other day !my advice is to purchase a different brand and stay away from this one .   unless you don't have cups and want to slurp your coffee off of the counter !
i bought this blender to make pie pastry ,  and i was thoroughly disappointed .  the wires don't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through .  . i spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result .  the handle is nice but it just doesn't get the job done
i purchased 5 of these dishes  ( at $9 . 99 each )  to give as christmas gifts .   spode is manufactured in england ,  but the sub-standard knock-offs i received came from china .  the color is dull and grayish .  return shipping would be outrageous ,  so i'm stuck with 5 ugly dishes .
this stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal  ( not silvery plastic )  ,  and sporting a sophisticated ,  drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal .   it looks equally as impressive in the hippest new york loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of williams-sonoma .however ,  as is the case when function follows form ,  this is a horrible blender .   don't get me wrong - i'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant .   but quite frankly ,  this blender is beyond bad .most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand .   it seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing ;  it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor .   i suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor ;  it only supports two speeds :  off ,  and jet-cyclonic .   while i admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right ,  the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing ,  consistently messy ,  predictably inconvenient ,  and potentially dangerous  ( as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing )  .   the irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward ;  and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion .   in fact ,  this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable .it's too bad ,  because superficially ,  this blender really is quite the objet d'art .   but when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance ,  it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 oster .if i had to summarize this blender as accurately ,  succinctly ,  and fairly as possible ,  i'd distill it down to one word -  " regrettable .  "
the  " brushed chrome "  is plastic .  the spout leaks ,  and the motor burned out in one week .  on top of that the store where i purchased it ,  kitchen kapers wouldn't let me return it saying it wasn't designed for drinks that require crushing ice .  why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes ?
the way specifications were mentioned it sounded a very good deal ,  and price comparision made it very promissing ,  but after getting the item i found item is a trash quality i have ever seen in my life .  if someone give me a free item like this i won't take it .  don't fall for this deal .  i am very disappointed with this item .
made good waffles when i got it but now it burns them to a crisp .there is no adjustment on it to compensate for the ageing of the internal components .
i also tried some cotton wamsutta sheets from bed bath ,  and beyond and they pilled the first time i washed them .   i was able to return them to the store ,  but it was a waste of time .   i wouldn't recommend these sheets or any wamsutta sheets because i think they're poor quality
i totally agree with the previous reviewer .   this pan is terrible .   i also ended up with only tops .   i suppose you could put paper muffin cups in ,  but what would be the point of buying this pan then ?  ?  ?   also ,  these do not nest like a regular metal pan  ( the sled takes up a lot of room )  .   do not buy this
was thrilled to find pieces to replace ones mistakenly thrown out ,  rather than have to buy another blender .   the only drawback is the cover is white and my blender is black
i have been using a brita pitcher for years but with the last two boxes of filters ,  a green slime grew in the pitcher after less than a month of use .  i've heard the brita faucet filter attachments are   worse .  i'm looking for another product .
the corningware dish is great ,  my 1 star is not for the item ,  it is for dynadirect .   they are horrible !   item was backordered ,  but they never told me and charged my credit card .   when i called they finally told me it was backordered and i ask that they cancel the order and refund my money .   bad ,  bad servic
the design for using the dc adapter with led booklight is extremely poor .  it is possible that i missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the dc adapter .  but ,  it must not have been very big .  i combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case .  these were brand new batteries .  there does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the dc adapter and so the power goes right into them .  this is bad .  modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries .i had assumed that i could leave the batteries in so that when i was at home i could use the adapter ,  but traveling i would use the batteries .   don't make this mistake
like many large wood surfaces ,  a peel is made from several strips of wood laminated together .  however ,  this peel developed a split after just one use .  the instructions indicate maintenance is achieved by wiping with mineral oil ,  so perhaps you should do this before using the first time .  i imagine there are heavier peels available which may be worth checking out .i was rather dissapointed .
you truly get what you pay for in this case .   we bought the red ones and they have left fuzzies all over the house .   in the dryer ,  you need to check the lint trap frequently ,  as they shed like mad .   they are not smooth and cozy ,  they have a very high coefficient of friction and it's sorta hard to scootch around on them .   i would not recommend .
what the heck is going on ?   i ordered this item 3 weeks ago ,  it has not delivered yet .   so i can't even make a review on this item
i found this sealer to be difficult to use .   it is very difficult to get a good vacuum seal due to the clumsy method of putting the bags in a nozzle .   extreme pressure is needed to hold down and lock the top in order to create the vacuum and seal the bag .   if you let up on the pressure ,  the vacuum seal is broken .   i returned mine and would never buy another rival sealer product again
the pepper lid seemed a little loose and i worried that it would fall off ,  dumping pepper everywhere .  i probably would have kept them anyway because they are nice looking and a decent price ,  but i couldn't get the lid off the salt shaker at all
more money then its worth .   makes alot of noise ,  small ,  no oscillation
at first it looked like it was going to work great  ( when the litter was clean )  .  after a day or so ,  it wasn't cleaning very well .  i got better litter and it started working better ,  but still not great .  litter gets in the crevices and gets stuck to the rake .  after about two weeks of use ,  the rake stopped moving backwards .  i tried to fix it ,  but it just won't go in reverse .  overall ,  this was a big waste of time and money .  i'm not even going to try to get another one .  a good old fashioned litter box with good clumping litter is less work than trying to get this thing to work properly while keeping it clean .  it's too bad as it had a promising beginning .  do not buy
we like the features and performance of this oven quite a bit .   we bought it to replace a regular old toaster oven .   the t-fal toasts very evenly and i can fit a whole frozen pizza in it !the bad part is that after about 2 weeks of service ,  the controls work only very intermittently .   this means that all functions behave at their default settings--no temperature or time adjustments .   luckily ,  the default setting for toast is just barely on the brown side for us ,  still edible .   it's annoying to have what is otherwise a fine oven so befouled by unusable controls .   it would have received a 5 .
initially ,  my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking ,  but after a couple of days they acted like they didn't even hear the sound .  now ,  they are back to  " bark all you want "
once upon a time ,  not too long ago ,  they made and sold fat separators that permitted the juice to flow out from the bottom of the separator .  this meant that the cook could harvest all of the juice ,  plus the tasty bits ,   instead of ,  as with this product ,  having to strain the sauce first  ( for the  bits )  and then sacrifice some of the sauce  ( a small amount to be sure )  ,   lest the fat start to flow through the spout as well .  this product is  really just a step away from spoon and ice cube ,  and not a big step ,   considering that it's not a complete solution .  if the cooks's purpose were  to collect the fat--e . g .  ,  chicken schmalz--free from juices ,  it would  present the same problems
i bought this set of knives 2 years ago .   i have not experienced the rust or pock marks that other reviewers have ,  and i have been pleased with the way my knives have stayed sharp even with a lot of use .   the purpose for my buying this set was because of the locking feature .   i have little children at home and wanted to make the knives inaccessable to them .   unfortunately the locking mechanism is a little too hard to open for me .   mine gets stuck on lock and then i can't get it open without pulling on it with great force .   and when you are pulling on something full of sharp knives ,  that is a little uncomfortable to say the least .   i have worried more than once that the force i have had to use to open it would cause the knives to all fly out when it came free .   they never have ,  but it is unnerving .   i tried to contact cuisinart about it ,  to no avail .   no complaints on the knives ,  and i love that there are extra slots in the block for expanding the set ,  which i have .   but don't buy the product strictly for the locking feature ,  it is not worth it
stainless-steel and die-cast aluminum construction promises performance ,  but the undersized electric motor limits this slicer to very light intermittent household use .  the waring fs800 pro electric food slicer seems to have a barely adequate motor when brand new with a new sharp blade .  just think how it will perform when the blade gets a little dull .  this is definitely not a professional quality food slicer ,  it is only a light intermittent duty slicer at best
i have many fond childhood memories of making and decorating sprtiz cookies with my mother .  she had an old copper and stainless steel cookie press and it turned out perfect cookies almost everytime .  when i found the kitchenaid cookie press on clearance for a mere $4 . 97 at my local sears ,  i snatched it up with high hopes of recreating those fond childhood memories in the kitchen .it's not a bad cookie press ,  but it's definitely not the best out there ,  i'm sure .  .  . and it doesn't stack up at all to my mother's old-fashioned one .  as stated in another review ,  many discs don't seem to work at all well with this press .  i tried the tree ,  candy cane ,  and star discs and every single one just squirted out an uneven messy blob .  somehow the press pushed out the dough unevenly out of the press ,  so that one side of the shape was a blob while the other side was barely out of the press .the rosette ,  swirl ,  and ribbon shapes did fairly well ,  though they turned out much larger shapes than the older model i'm used to .  .  . hence extending the baking time of the cookies .  i'm used to nice ,  thin ,  crispy ribbons ,  but this press turned out very thick ones .i was also not very fond of the ratcheting style of the press .  it felt as though i had less control over it than the squeeze-gun type .if i'd paid full price for this press ,  i would have been a bit upset at the quality ,  but having paid only $5 for it ,  i'm just disappointed because i had thought kitchenaid to be a better quality brand than what i've seen in this cookie pres
.  .  .  i returned it without even using it because it did not feel like a quaility item .   i would not recomend this product if you have any taste
i cannot believe what a waste of money this thing was .  huge disappointment .  i was all excited when i got it ,  made some cookie press dough ,  put it in ,  and .  .  .  nothing .  the plunger pretty much spins in place .  i could push the dough out manually faster than this thing can .  i couldn't even get one freakin' cookie out of it ,  onto the cookie sheet .don't buy this sorry excuse of plastic waste ,  and if you do ,  don't say you weren't warned .  i probably would have more constructive criticism ,  but #1 this product isn't worth the effort ,  and #2 i spent all effing evening saying to myself ,   " it can't be this bad .  it must work somehow .  "  ummmm .  .  .  nope !  !  !  !
i got this pasta maker as a gift ,  and after the first use the knob used to set the thickness of the pasta broke off and so did a piece of the handle used to turn the rollers .   all it would make after that is a flat piece of pasta with varying thickness .   the company is going to charge me to send it to them and back ,  even if they decide to exchange the product ,  and all correspondences must be done by mail  ( no call-in number )  so i'm not even hopeful for an exchange
this is a dangerous steamer .  sometimes it will pour steaming water and burn you badly .  definitely  not recommended .  i am throwing mine away
this product would not cut through a sweet potato .   it barely went through a piece of a regular potato .   while cutting through a potato it was bending and felt like it would break .   it's fairly cheap ,  but you get what you pay for .   i ended up using a knife instead .   it's your $8 . 99 .  .
i used this thermometer fewer than 10 times before it stopped working .   for the most part ,  it no longer registers any temperature ,  and when it does it reads 75-100 degrees too cool .   while it was working ,  i definitely preferred it to my analog candy thermometer because it was less bulky ,  but i certainly can't recommend it now .the clip still works ,  though ,  and coupled with my wonderful polder probe thermometer ,  i've got the best candy thermometer ever
i have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off ,  causing it to continually leak .  unfortunately it appears that i have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion .overall ,  there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one ,  but it did tend to blend things .as a blender alone :  it was not the most effective blender i have ever seen but neither was it the worst .  it was truly mediocre through and through .as a smoothie maker :  the mechanism used for the pour spout didn't allow any chunks to pass through ,  and it never quite seemed to blend well enough to break up those chunks .  so as a smoothie maker it was not a good choice .on the good side ,  the stainless does look nice .  .  .  although it was a little tall
i was disappointed with the spatula .   it is too flexible and too large for my hand .   my husband thought the size was okay but he too thought it was too flexible .   it reminded me of a diving board
worked like a charm until i put it through the dishwasher ,  and now it always exudes a fine black residue .  maybe some kind of rust ?  can't use it anymore unless i want black grime on my ice cream .  i have emailed the manufacturer to ask what's going on ;  haven't heard back yet
this fork thermometer would have been great if it had lasted more than 3 usages .   no way to notify the manufacturer to find out  " why "  the fork quit working .   it's still useful as a meat fork ,  but not as a thermometer .  very disappointing and a bit expensive to be used only as a fork .
i used this press about 4-5 times during the 5 years i owned it .   the cookie shapes came out well ,  but after a few uses ,  the plastic ring around the barrel cracked .   this year that same plastic part broke entirely ,  making the press unusable-- a critical engineering materials defect .   like the other reviewer  ( dec 2005 )  ,  i too am now in the market for an all metal press
this thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent  " hi "  mode .  what a ripoff
i have to echo what was said ,  cheap not up to what you would expec
i bought this product because the box says  " no more ice chunks .  "  there is even an  " icebreaker "  setting .   i wanted a way to make slushies .   however ,  the manual says you are to use the  " icy drink "  setting when crushing ice .   i am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the  " icebreaker "  setting !also ,  the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender .   first ,  you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice .   once you press the  " icy drink "  setting ,  you pour out the excess water into a collander .even after all that ,  there are chunks in the ice .  no slushie for me !i gave this product just 1 star because i hate misleading advertising .   i will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product
my spouse operates this vacuum daily until the rechargeable nickel-cadium battery is dead to avoid any memory issues .   like the black & decker 15 . 6v chv1560 cordless hand vacuum ,  the battery life is 4 months tops .perhaps black & decker should replace the nickel-cadium battery with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery on all of their cordless hand vacuums
we raved about making panini's .  introduced many of our friends to them .  then it died without warning in the middle of dinner .  we paid $80 for the thing too
took what i thought would be a nice set of sheets to my place in costa rica and have slept in wrinkles ever since .  hard to maintain ,  color is not vivid and am overall disappointed with this 600 thread count sheet set .
this liner is non-slip which is nice and even home made chocolate chip cookies dont stick but .  .  .  . it looks dirty and baking residue is sticking to it even after i have put it in the dishwasher .   my other liner is a chef's planet full size baking sheet non stick bakeliner and while it can slip a bit and dosn't have a  " finished "  edge it dose have the advantage of wipe-down clean up and it arrives in a large sheet that you custom cut to fit any baking sheet ( s )  you will be using it with .   don't buy this liner but do buy the non stick bakeliner from chef's planet .   it's not as pretty but it works like a charm !   after years of buying expensive parchment paper i'll never go back .   also ,  it's less wastfull to use a bake liner instead of disposable baking sheets or parchment paper
they are very big ,  the spoons are very uncomfortable to use ,  they should have been smaller .  and a better grip
i received this as a gift for christmas .  it worked like a charm for ice cream and lemon slush 3 times .  but then ,  the base burst in my freezer ,  spewing foul scented goo all over .  i contacted the manufacturer to ask how to get it replaced ,  and never heard back .  apparently they don't care about backing up their product .  now i have to buy another one ,  and it won't be this brand
i am an avid cook and baker .   i used this unit twice and it broke after the 2nd useage .  i found it to be very slow ;  the charge didn't last long so i had to keep it plugged in .   the dough had to be very very soft in order for the press to produce the cookies .   i am very disappointed that such an expensive item would operate so poorly
on 8/15/06 ,  i purchased and irobot roomba scheduler .  within one month of purchase ,  it failed completely and would not work at all .  on the irobot website ,  it claims that their customer service department is open 24/7 ,  and they guarantee a reply to an email within 24 hours .  i sent an email ,  and i never heard anything back from them at all .  after a week ,  i called their technical support line ,  and i waited on hold for 38 minutes before being able to speak to a technician ,  who swiftly determined that my unit was defective and needed to be replaced .  i was told to mail in my defective unit and that another one would be shipped to me .  it is now 11/9/2006 and i have received nothing and heard nothing from irobot .  do not purchase one of these units unless this kind of product unreliability and abysmal technical support is appealing to you .
i've had to bring this back to hoover 5 times in less than a year .the belt for the self-propelled motor comes off ever other time i use the vacuum .  the on/off button has been fixed 3 times .   it works when it wants to .   even the guy at the hoover store admitted that this piece of garbage is known for problems with the belt coming off .   i have nothing good to say about this .   i'm  a huge consumer reports fan but they missed the boat on this one .  they need to update their testing over the long-term .  i'm still pissed i blew $250 on this ridiculous excuse for a vacuum
the design features for the on/off switch is a good idea if you have dry hands and are prone to dropping things .   otherwise ,  the on/off switch is not good at all .   the button is hard to press down and is a trigger type switch that does not allow for the blade to be left in the on position .   you actually need to keep a lot of pressure of the switch to keep it going .   the blade was sharp for the one and only time i used it .   i took it back right after thanksgiving
this item was ordered 1/4/06 it is now 2/25/06 and has not yet been shipped .  hard to rate the item ,  but for sure you can see the rating for delivery
if you are planning to purchase anything from getapc . com ,  the markeplace vendor selling this item ,  beware .   i purchased the delonghi 5-quart mixer based on product description and customer reviews but found that it did not perform as expected .   it froze up kneading a 2-loaf batch of whole grain bread .   the design is beautiful and the mixer is probably good for non-artisan breads ,  but should you have any problems with it ,  you'll have to stay on the vendor to get any kind of response .   i am still waiting for a refund on the product after 2 weeks .   the last message i got was that  " it may take a bit longer .  "   so be sure this is what you want before you buy it .   returning it is not easy .   and getapc . com charges a $60 reshelving fee on top of the shipping you'll have to pay to send it back .   my markeplace experience has been very frustrating .   i won't buy through the marketplace again .   if amazon . com or getapc . com processes my refund in the next day or two ,  i'll feel better and will edit my review ,  but for now ,  buyer beware
it picked up great but one month before the warranty expired the thing made terrible noises and didn't self-propel correctly .  sent it in for repair ,  took a month .  they said  " nothing "  was wrong and sent it back ,  but now it works .  i wouldn't buy another one .  for $300 it should last more than a year before repairs are needed .spend your money on something built better .http : //www . candle-licious . comsu
i bought this electric kettle and while it did heat water very quickly ,  once i opened the lid the whole pot of water reeked of plastic .   needless to say ,  the water was not drinkable .i don't know if i was stuck with a bad unit but i would not recommend this electric kettle .   buyer beware
this one is doesn't work when it gets hot or wet  ( and where do you use your thermometer ?  )  .also ,  it is very easy to leave it  " on "  draining the batteries .   replacement batteries cost nearly as much as the thermometer itself .i have another taylor  ( unfortunately ,  there is no model number on it )  .   it is auto off and saves the max and min temperatures .   the max is helpful when i want to check i steak on my hot !  grill .   i can hold the thermometer with a pair of thongs without burning my hands .this one is just plain useless
simply put ,  it doesn't work .  well ,  perhaps it can work on some types of fabrics/garments in very specific  ( or limited )  situations ,  but it didn't work on mine .you can't manage to get a continuous flow of steam ,  even if you keep on pumping the button frequently  ( what it doesn't support ,  as a matter of fact ,  because there's a limit of bursts of steam it can shoot out in a row before  " reloading "  )  .i returned it to seller  ( brand variety ,  that refunded me without problems ,  no question asked )  .not recommended
i hate to iron and despise the cost of dry cleaning .  .  . so ,  i was really excited when i saw this steamer at cvs .   it was reasonably priced and sounded wonderful .   i was bragging about how much i loved this steamer after using it just once !   it was easy and fast .  .  .  . then ,  the second time i used it---water everywhere !water started to spit and spray out of the  ( sealed and closed )  base of the steamer .   i had turned the top to the locked position .  .  . but ,  the black rubber ring  ( supposed to keep the thing sealed ?  )  was all twisted up---explaining why it wasn't working .   well ,  i fixed that rubber thing back into place ,  but it still kept spraying boiling water .   so ,  right now it's sitting in the corner waiting to be thrown out .i'm very frustrated with this product ,  but love the way that clothes steamers work .   it looks like i'm going to have to bite the bullet and buy an expensive one .   but ,  how expensive should these things be ?   all they do is boil water and shoot it out of a nozzle ,  right ?this product is a waste of time and money .  .  . i can't believe that there were any good reviews .
after your pan starts sticking ,  you go to their web site to complain and you find  .  .  .  .  a warning that you can't use high heat on this pan .   they warn you if you use high heat or some sprays ,  the pan will then start to stick .   yes ,  you've just been  .  .  .  .  .  and you paid $40 for the privilege .   imagine ,  a frying pan that doesn't like heat .   how much heat ?   they don't tell you .   if your pan is sticking ,  then it must have been toooo much .   buy at your own risk
this is not caphlon !  !  !  you can buy this at bed bath and beyond for  $10  !  !
i purchased this product in a retail store .  the packaging clearly states it is dishwasher safe .  then after you unpack it ,  and read that if you put it in the dishwasher you void the ten year warranty !  do not make the same mistake i did ,  avoid this product
considering all the bells and whistles on the coffeemaker itself ,  ( all excessive ,  by the way )  the carafes have much to be desired .   it seems as if they are made with spun sugar .   extremely fragile ,  awkward handle and like a comment already listed ,  i too have replaced the carafe twice .  .  . making three so far .   my krups carafe of 10 years is still intact .   if they still made the filters ,  i would still be using that machine .the cuisinart coffee bean container is hard to clean ,  still maintains rancid oils and leaves an oil slick on the top of the coffee .   the carafe is poor at best
roomba was given as a gift to me .  not only is it noisy ,  but it took 2 hours to do my small house with 3 rooms closed off to it  ( about 1000 sq ft )  .  it takes me 15 minutes to swiffer the house .  it missed a lot of areas .  yuck
this board scratches really easily ,  and mine had dings in it when it arrived
he just looks away from where the spray emits--and barks again !it also doesn't work 100% of the time .  .  . and we're not sure why .   when we fill it ,  it seems to work fairly well right after but it either does not have as many sprays as it is supposed to ,  or it isn't working very long .it does work well for my other small dog who is not such a persistent barker .   terriers are just too stubborn to care if they're getting sprayed ,  i guess .
i must begin by saying my kitchen is 100% kitchenaid in empire red .  i adore their gadgets and utencils .  .  . and then i came across this egg slicer .a good egg slicer is hard to find ,  and to find one matching my set .  . needless to say i was excited .  but the first time i tried it ,  the wires simply popped out .  it takes very little pressure to slice a hardboiled egg ,  but this poor slicer couldn't take iti am very surprised ,  considering the high quality of the other products that i own .  i am on a hunt for another red egg slicer
unit is advertised as 5 quart .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . what arrived is 2 quart ,  and much too small for my purposes
the product i received was faulty so irobot sent me another one .   robots are great but i you need to make sure they work right before the warranty is over
i'm an old hand with kettles ,  i thought i'd give this one to my spouse for our anniversary ,  but it was a bit of a dud .  when the kettle was ready to boil the lid would fall down ,  steam would go everywhere .  and it would often take ages to turn itself off .  looked great but .  .  . think i'm going to get the braun instead
if you prefer having bread that is toasted on both sides look elsewhere for a toaster .  even when it is not on the bagel  " setting "  it does not do any more than barely warm one side of bread .in addition if you are looking for a blue toaster  ( how i wound up with this one despite the warnings about its inefficiency )  don't buy this one--it looks nothing like the picture on the internet .  it is purple ,  so not only does it perform poorly it looks terrible in my blue/gray kitchen .i expected more from a kitchenaid product and if i could return a used toaster  ( albeit only 3 times )  i certainly would .
and when i requested a  return amazon said they would send me a return label ,  but didn't .   nor did they respond to my email advising i never received the return label .   this is my last order from amazon
my mom bought me this set for my anniversary two years ago .   we use it regularly and run it through the dishwasher and it is just horrible looking .   it spots and marks pitifully .   i can't get most of the spots off no matter what i do .   i wrote the company to complain and they said they would replace it if i mailed it in ,  but with the weight of the set  ( because it really is a heavy-duty set of flatware )  it would have cost me a fortune to ship it to them and then all i would have gotten in return was another set of flatware that would probably look the same way in a short period of time .   so ,  i am just putting my experience out there to help others make an informed decision
i finally gave up after trying three of the hunter fans and got my money back .   even on the lowest speed ,  this thing rattles ,  shakes ,  and groans .   i own five hunter ceiling fans ,  which are great .   this fan doesn't deserve the hunter nameplate
this item fell apart the moment i took it out of the box .   the sides literally came apart .   do not buy this product .   the company should be ashamed for even selling it
i handwashed this one time and it filled up with water .  i didn't expect to be able to wash it in the dishwasher but i also didn't expect it to fill 45% up with water the first time i washed it by hand .  the water has since evaporated but i haven't tried to use the thermometer since and i won't use it without using a second one to calibrate this one to see if it is anywhere close to accurate .  not exactly what i was looking for
i have a lot of experience with steamers over the years - mine as well as others used in stores .  stupid me ,  then ,  for not realizing that you get what you pay for .  my jiffy steamer finally died after nine years ,  but it served me well .  it is a machine of substance ,  solid parts ,  very stable .  trust me - you don't want to scrimp when it comes to working with a device designed to produce streams of hot steam !  i foolishly tried to save some money by getting the conair gs10rh ,  and i'm returning it immediately .  the well into which the telescoping pole sits is just about 1 inch deep - not deep enough to keep the pole stable .  the brackets to hold the telescoped parts extended aren't firm - any heavy jacket will make them slide .  the housing itself is amazingly lightweight ;  i thought that was a good thing ,  but now i know why the jiffy steamer's housing seems like it weighs a ton - you really do want the unit to be solidly anchored .  handling a steamer is a serious matter .  don't take on unnecessary risk by getting an inexpensive ,  poorly designed ,  lightweight steamer like the conair .  spend the extra money for the product that has been the standard bearer for years :  jiffy .  you won't regret it .  and even though mine died after nine years ,  i have no regrets ,  and now i'll do the right thing and get another
the price of this iron was reduced to $24 . 99 with the purpoose of missing the $25 order for free shipping ,  then they trap you into buying another item or pay over $7 for shipping .  now ,  to make matters worse ,  they omitted the most important feature of the iron ;  that the soleplate is aluminum .
this is a beautiful blue color ,  coordinates with my kitchen .  however ,  i'll bake my poundcakes in my old ,  reliable metal pans .  i tried to use this a few times ,  spraying every nook and cranny with baker's secret release spray .  without fail ,  each time the cake stuck to the pan in a few places .
the information on the pages that pertain to this hose needs to be changed to reflect the fact that the hose does not fit hoovers with a hepa system .   it only fits hoovers with product #'s beginning u53 .  .  ,  u54 .  .  ,  u64 .  .   i ordered it along with a new windtunnel that has a hepa system ,  since the product information stated that these 2 items were bought together by other people .   unfortunately ,  it does not state that these people  ( now including me )  have to return the hose because it does not fit all windtunnels .   so be sure to check and doublecheck before you buy .    .  .
i bought t-fal's top of the line avantis iron even though i only have light ironing to do .  it broke in less than a year - losing heat completely .  t-fal would not stand behind it .  i wrote to them several times .  they insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact i had the charge on my american express bill .  they had no technical advise either .  read other amazon reviews on their products breakdowns !  i've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years .  avoid this turkey and this company .  i'll never buy another t-fal product and neither should you
although i ordered the juicer in the color black ,  i received the product in white .   if not for the color i would have purchased it locally .   after approximately 6 months of satisfactory occasional use the juicer is no longer functional .   some of the teeth on the gear that is connected to the press lever have broken off .   i had expected a product this simple would have lasted for years .   i am obviously totally disappointed
assembling and disassembling this piece of equipment would discourage a person from ever using this item .   it is far too complicated and has too many pieces that have to be washed each time it is used and then put back together again .   one can expect to spend about 30 minutes to disassemble and reassemble the unit while following the assembly guide .  in addition to that drawback ,  there isn't anything that should be placed in a dishwasher ,  so it has to be hand-washed and hand dried .  an osterizer would be a much simpler and better choice !  !  !
for years i used my mother's cookie shooter to make my holiday spritz cookies .   when i bought my first house i wanted my own cookie shooter .   boy ,  i wish i hadn't purchased this one .the first time i used it i thought ,   " it shouldn't be this hard to use or take this long !  "  but i was using it correctly .   the motor is so weak !   my biggest grip however is with the threaded rod that twists to push the dough out .   the rod has an indentation all the way down ,  so when it's twisting ,  it constantly skips back up and never eventually pushes the dough down the tube .   if i do get a cookie out of it ,  it's misshaped and took at least 30 seconds to get out .what a piece of junk !
i had one a few months ago .   when i filled in water ,  the water just passed the filter quickly .  i was not sure if the water is filtered .   one day ,  i wanted to clean it .   i put it in hot water for about 10 minutes .   the pitcher was out of shape and i had to discard it .   i believe the pitcher was made from cheap materials .   i sent  an email to the custom no service of brita .   i got no response .   i will not buy brita products any longer
i saw the 3-star reviews here ,  but decided to ignore them as this pan was on sale for a very good price .   that was a big mistake .1 .   the first problem is with the size of the muffin cups -- they are significantly more shallow than in a typical mini-muffin pan .2 .   the silicone warped from the heat while in the oven ,  spilling the meager contents of the tiny cups over the edges ,  making flat ,  crooked ,  ugly muffins .3 .  the silicone did not release the muffins easily .   i did spray it with nonstick spray before filling ,  and allowed the muffins to cool completely before i tried to get them out .i didn't even bother to try and wash it ,  so i don't have any comment about the ease of washing .   i won't be wasting any more time and ingredients in it ,  so i threw it away .   i wish i could get my money back .   this is not the quality you would expect from kitchenaid
i am very disappointed .   these flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store .   i ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers that she liked .   i buy roses alot ,  and i know what a fair cost is for good quality .   if you're paying less than $30 ,  beware
while this was great to not scratch my non-stick pans ,  it melted while using it in an aluminum pan !   would not recommend
i have been making ice cream in a cuisinart machine for years but i wanted to regain my freezer space from the 2 canisters i had to keep ready .  .  i also wanted to make good gelato since i can't go to italy all the time .  i had first bought the lussino 4080 by musso .  it was terrible .  too soft right out of the machine and full of ice crystals when put in the freezer for any amount of time .  it didn't get firm ,  it became a rock .  i returned it and got the lello gelato pro instead .   it is quieter ,  has a washable bowl ,  costs about half the money ,  weighs much less and makes 2 quarts rather than 1&1/2 quarts .  there is no contest .  the lello is the superior machine
its just a simple plastic tube that fits on the end of the grinder attachment so you can stuff sausage .  so how did they manage to mess this one up ?  the flare at the wide end of the horn does not sit flat against the head of the grinder ,  so when you go to tighten the ring down to hold it into place ,  the collar can not screw on all the way .  the result ?  a build up of meat in the front part of the collar .  this eventually begins to drip down making a bloody mess of whatever is under the grinder attachment .  how hard would it have been for kitchenaid to design the horn so it fitted flat in place and the collar would have screwed on tight ?
bought my first vornado years ago ,  and is the best fan i've ever seen .  decided to get a second one .  .  .  purchased this model .  first unit had bad vibration ,  returned it .  second unit less vibration ,  but very noisy .  also returned .  when i compare this unit to my original vornado ,  the quality of construction is noticeably much inferior .  i don't know if this applies to the rest of the vornado lineup or not .
i agree completely with the review by terry gruggen .  as she said in her feb review ," the cutting arm is attached to this indestructible case by an all too flimsy piece of plastic .  a little extra pressure on the arm and this plastic attachment shatters .  .  .  . leaving you with a $49 die cast paper weight .  "despite its rugged looks ,  the appliance was a real disappointment
this is the worst blender i've ever used .  bought it to make smoothies ,  but it has a hard time grinding frozen things .  it never completely chops up frozen fruit ,  so i always end up sucking down huge hunks of semi-mushy fruit when i try to blend with this thing .  not pleasant .  it's also loud and it moves a lot .  sometimes it vibrates so hard the carafe detaches slightly from the base ,  and when you lift the carafe to pour your drink into a glass you find a fruity puddle in the base's well .  i strongly discourage anyone from ever purchasing this horrible thing
i was very disappointed with the cookie maker plus and i believe i bought a defective product .  the picture on the front of the box shows the person's hand on the big button to make cookies ,  i had to use the small button at the top to get it to work and the big button to retract the plunger .  i have used the cookie maker plus 4 times .  .  .  twice to make twice baked potatoes ,  once to make candy but the 4th time i used their recipe for classic spritz cookies the machine died after 16 cookies .  i switched the batteries and it produced 2 more cookies  ,  then died again .  i finished the batch by rolling them out and using a cookie cutter .  the cookie master plus could use major inprovement .  don't waste your money .
i think it is almost a great idea !  it would be super if made of glass .  i don't want to be concerned with material for which i use it !  i would buy a couple if made of glass ,  otherwise not
i bought my first one about 14 months ago - it lasted about 8 months .   motor made a high pitched sound and blew coffee all over .   i dismantled the whole unit - it then worked for about 2 days .   i called kitchenaid -  ( they are right about no hassle warranty )   they quickly sent me out a new one .   this new one lasted about 6 months - and now has the same symptoms .   i really wish this was the grinder for me - i love the capacity for bean storage and love the way it looks - i have been forced to look at other grinders .hope this helps .   by the way - i used grinders twice daily - in the morn and then in the evening - not like i was putting a whole lot of strain on them !hope this help
these are substandard thin towels .   they are cheap .   the current price is far too much to pay ,  and they should be about a buck each .they are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin .i find the pictures here deceptive .  .  . there is nothing here that you can't find in your grocery store cheaper .
this mixer has many speed settings ,  but they all pretty much go the same speed .   the  " low "  setting is so fast that if you are mixing much liquid it spashes all over .   i would not recommend this mixer ,  spend a few more dollars and get a better one !  !
i got the white color version and was happy about it but this one is half the goods/worth
i have tried to like this pot - in theory it sounds great ,  but in actual usage ,  it is very problematic .   the non-locking handles are the chief drawback - you need to awkwardly hold them closed with pot holders while draining - and the acute angle needed to remove all the water inevitably means leaking hot water on to the holders and hence on you .   back to the tried and true colander in the sink for me
i received the gelato maker in the mail and was eady to try it out .   got all the ingredients together and in the bowl and loaded it into the machine .   i turned on the machine as per the directions and it beeped and flashed at my just like it is supposed to do when it has been on too long and the machine is freezing up .   i was not very happy with this predicament at all
sigh .  was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via ups in pieces .  i should have heeded the previous reviewer's warning .  doh !  oh well .  live and learn .  live and learn .  refund ,  please
i love oxo products for the most part but this product just is not well designed .   it does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use .  my husband and i have arthritis and i was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble .   the opening is way too big to accomplish that so ,  back it went to the supermarket .   i had hopes this oxo product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it doesn't ,  i am rating this only one star .
this pan is very easy to clean .   however ,  the small base won't sit stably on my gas range .   i keep a hand on the handle and pay attention to how it sits on the range to overcome the problem
i bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier .  he didn't even notice it was there .  i put it near his crate and it still didn't stop him from barking .   i pushed the manual button and still nothing .   it promises to stop annoying barking ,  but it didn't stop my dog for one minute .   it was a complete waste of my money
i can not testify as to how well this unit makes toast .  i basically bought this toaster oven for it oven capabilities .* i like the fact that the oven cuts off after the timer expires .      things burn quicker in a toaster oven .* my major gripe :  i often can not selected the correct oven temperature .  for example ,  today i needed to warm up some bread sticks to go with italian dish .  the box told me to set the temperature to 375 degress .  guess what ,  there is no 375 degree temperature on this unit .  there is a 355 and 390 .  other frequently requested temperature settings missing on this unit are 350 ,  400 ,  450 .  425 is the only relatively common temperature setting that is found on this toaster oven .as a  " don't fire up the big oven heating up the house on a hot summer day "  unit ,  this toaster oven comes up a little short
i completely agree with the other reviewers .   this product is so bad .   it warps under the heat ,  the not-so-non-stick surface peels ,  and food sticks like glue
we have nothing but henckels in our kitchen ,  as we love to cook ,  and everyone who cooks knows the value of good knives .i bought these without a second thought as i am used to henckels quality .   what a surprise we got !   made somewhere in asia at bargain basement prices ,  i'm sure .  .  .while these probably do cut steak as well as any cheap serrated knife would ,  if you are buying them because they are henckels and you expect a certain quality - don't .we returned these promptly
i had received this set for my birthday from a friend .   when we unpacked the set we noticed the 8 quart pot was scratched on the interior .   this made the non-stick aspect of the pot worthless .   i gave the pots back to my friend and he returned them to amazon and had a new set sent out .   when we received the new set the 8 quart pot again had scratches inside the pot .   i thought i would contact calphalon to inquire about the damage and see what they had to say .   i called the calphalon customer service number but was on hold for so long i gave up .   in retrospect i would spend the extra money and stay away from the non-stick surfaces with teflon coating which are prone to scratch easily .   if you get the calphalon one infused-anodized pans which you will never have to replace let alone deal with the lack of customer service .   remember the old saying  " you get what you pay for .  "   i don't think these non-stick pans will look very good after a years worth of use .   if you do choose to buy these pans examine them when you open the box for damage
the salesclerk told us that because of previous model recalls ,  that the new kitchenaid was sure to be a huge improvement ,  especially with it's price tag .   we've tried 2 models and both had problems with error messages .   the manual's suggestions do nothing to eliminate this .   also ,  we've had the same trouble with coffee spewing out .   for the price tag ,  this is a seriously disappointing coffee maker .   we finally took it back and are on the look out for a better quality model  ( not kitchenaid )  .   oddly enough ,  our other kitchenaid appliances  ( range and fridge )  have also had electronic problems .   i wonder what the quality control is on the parts that are being cheaply manufactured ,  no doubt ,  in some overseas location .   i wouldn't recommend kitchenaid to anyone ,  regardless of the nice styling and supposed high-quality .
true ,  these sheets do get rather wrinkled in the wash ,  however ,  that isn't my concern .  .  .  .  .  .  .the description states that these sheets will fit a mattress up to 14 inches thick .   my pillowtop mattress is about 11 inches thick and these sheets don't fit !   i washed them in cold water and used the lowest dryer setting .   what a pain
although this grill has all the design elements i wanted - easy to use ,  quick to clean ,  and very compact ,  it is very cheaply made .   after just 3 uses ,  one of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke .   had i not reacted quickly ,  i would have been burned .   we were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it .upon close examination ,  we found the weak joint to be made of some sort of brittle ,  composite material ,  not metal .   it's such a disappointment to see such a terrific design implemented so poorly .
this is a neat idea ruined by shoddy manufacturing .  first of all ,  this coffemaker is a lot bigger than most regular ones ,  especially the height .  i can't fill this one without pulling it all the way out to the front of the counter .  this takes up a lot of room for small kitchens or crowded countertops .  the whole thing is also made out of plastic with a very cheap look and feel as soon as you take it out of the box .  in just about 3 months of daily use ,  i've already had water or coffee leak out of the dispenser four times .  between the constant waste of space and having to watch out for leaks ,  i'd rather go back to pouring my own cups .  the only reason i haven't thrown it out is because my wife bought it and i don't want to hurt her feelings
this steamer sucks .  puts white goo all over the outside of unit and on counter .  wish i didn't buy it
i have had this kit for 3 1/2 months and still no seeds have sprouted .  the package does say it may take a few months though .  you might consider getting a starter kit/set instead with potted plants
the slow cooker worked well the first time i used it .   the second time ,  the light turned on ,  but it never heated up .   i was disappointed ,  because the size was perfect for me .   i'll try another brand
image is not the cover we received and needed .  color was correct .  the product seemed to be good quality .  very disappointed it was not what we thought it was .  still shopping for a cover to fit a board as shown .poor marketing
i got this on sale from targets for $35 .   eagerly i plugged in the unit ,  turned the variable dial to maximum steam ,  and increased the digital dial to  7 .   and then i waited ,  and waited ,  and waited ,  for 10 minutes .   the iron never warmed up ,  let alone hot enough to iron anything .   i can't say this is a bad product ,  but surely i got a non-working unit
i have two roomba's ,  after one year of good operation they have been having battery problems .   one roomba was returned for refurbishment .   they have good customer service ,  if you pursue them .   the newly returned roomba still has battery problems .   the housekeeper which was very excited when i bought the roomba now uses the vacuum cleaner .
this is a cheap piece of junk .   the base won't communicate with the remote even after extensive review of directions and trying different channel selections as directed .   the plastic housings are so lightweight i don't think it'd survive ordinary outdoor use either .   certianly not a drop off your grill .   felt like i had to handle it gingerly so i didn't crush it with my hands .   this one is going back -sorry az .
i'm sure this is a fine pizza wheel .  unfortunately ,  i've not yet been able to use it ,  as the @#$ ! *$ sticker that came attached to the blade is vitually impossible to remove .  geez .
i ordered this cake plate and dome for my mother ,  shortly before thanksgiving of 2002 .  the first time it arrived ,  after 3 weeks ,  it was in about 1 , 000 pieces .  the ups driver realized that upon delivery and returned the item .  when it was sent the second time ,  which wasn't until around christmas ,  it arrived with the handle to the dome broken off .  so ,  long story short ,  no cake plate for mom !  amazon . com should really examine how they pack items like this
from the start ,  it was apparent that the temperature displayed was 5 or 6 degrees higher than two other digital thermometers i had in the same room .   so i followed the calibration instructions and was only able to get the display to read 34 . 1 degrees in a 32 degree solution .  .  .  ok ,  so i can live with 2 . 1 degree inaccuracy .   after calibrating ,  the room temperature was also only off by about 2 degrees .   however ,  i decided to test it in boiling water and the display read 193 degrees  ( water boils at 212f )  .   so ,  if you are counting on this thermometer to tell you anything important  ( such as if your meat is cooked suffiently or if your beer water is the right temperature for steeping )  ,  i would make sure it is accurate at the temperature of interest before using .  .  .  or avoid it all together ,  which i wish i had done
the canister size and shape is very suitable ;  it properly sized to store easily all of our cold cuts .  the part that i do not like is the time it takes to pull the vacuum .  it seems that the sides handle are not design to pre-load the cover so will seal the gasket .  design could be improve
i love kitchenaid products ,  but this one failed miserably !  !the taste of the coffee is excellent ,  but there were grounds and coffee everywhere .   the pause n serve feature works as it brews !  !   i don't think that was the intention though .   when i called the company the not so brilliant guy told me that they hear this all the time on this model and that you just have to push the coffee maker in far enough so that the pause n serve feature isn't activated .  .  . well ,  unless we put a heavy ceramic bowl in front of the carafe to hold the pot in place we have coffee soup all over our counter and floor .my husband and i love coffee and we like it strong !   we feel coffee is very important to survival in our home as we have 5 kids and this helps us stay alive and energetic for the 48 hours a day we care for them !  !my strong advice .  .  . don't but this model .   though kitchenaid is a great product and i have never had problems with any of their other lines ,  this one should be junked !   we are returning ours !
well ,  i can't say that i didn't like this thing at first .   it came with a little scoopy to dig out your coffee beans and grinds .   at first it seems like a nice little unit .   i poured a pot of water into it in order to do away with any oils left over from manufacturing .   i say you should run 3 pots of water through it before use  ( filterless of course )  .   after a few uses ,  i noticed that the carafe does spill out onto the counter if you do not pour slowly .   if you want your coffee now and have no time to pour ,  don't get this item .   after having this machine for 3 weeks now ,  and using it constantly every morning ,  i have finally decided that it is near total crap .   i just made a pot of coffee this morning when the machine decided it would spurt some hot air &amp ;  water which caused the grinds blow all over the place .   spilling out of the top onto the carafe and drooling hot coffee and grinds all over the counter .   how nice .   if you're going to buy a cheap coffee maker ,  spend the extra 5 or 6 dollars and get a semi-decent one .   toastmaster should stick to toasting .   if you do decided to get this ,  buy some towels and a mop as well
i love the colors and the heat resistance but found the wooden handle on one spatula rough and splintery .   also the spatula is showing nicks on the edges of the silicon .  .  .  . don't understand because i don't use it on rough edged bowls or pans
the breville chiller works so so based on the 6 minute claim the company states .  to get it cold like in your refrigerator it took more like 14-15 minutes--still faster than a fridge though .  also ,  the description is sort of deceptive since it says new freezer gel packs ,   " no messy ice "  .  i thought you just use these freezer packs and thats it--note you still need access to a freezer to freeze the gel packs before using .  also ,  you still need to add water and the freezer packs don't really last that long .  if you want to chill more than 1 bottle ,  i ended having to use good old ice cubes since the freezer packs were spent .  its a bit messy trying to chill anything other than wine bottles since a typical drink can/bottle will be submerged under the water bath and the only way to retrieve it is to dunk your hand in the cold water .  also ,  if you are chilling allot of beverages ,  there is no way to pour out the excess water as the ice melts--they should put a drain spout at the bottom--i had to unplug the unit and dump the excess water over the sink .  it does work being faster than your fridge or freezer ,  but the companies performance claims are a bit exaggerated
this item turned to rust after the first use .   i do not recommend this product
i have always used rubbermaid or tupperware plastic storage ,  but i replaced all of them with pyrex glass storage containers in may of 2005 .  i was worried that the plastic storage was seeping toxins into my food when i washed it in the dishwasher .  also ,  i liked the idea that glass does not stain and it gives a clear presentation of stored food in the refrigerator--making leftovers more likely to be eaten before they go bad .unfortunately ,  i have not been happy with this product .  the pyrex lids must be pried off with a great deal of strength and diligence .  this is not a task for a child ,  or even a standard adult .  i have had to ask my husband on more than one occasion to take a lid off for me .  i have even spilled food in attempts to take lids off .as an aside ,  i have also found that the pyrex glass is heavy ,  which makes it less desirable to carry leftovers to work and the containers do not  " nest ,  "  so they take up more space than they need to in the cabinet .i recommend bormioli glass storage containers instead .  they are lighter in weight ,  they nest ,  and the lids come off with the strength of a normal person .
this iron worked splendidly for over year before almost catching on fire while i was using it .   i was pressing a shirt when suddenly the led display on the iron shut off and started beeping repeatedly .   i smelled smoke and the handle was hot to the touch .   i lifted the iron off my shirt to discover a dark scorch mark on my brand new shirt !i do not recommend this iron -- you risk burning your clothes
the first ,  and only time ,  i tried to use this compact carpet cleaner was a total disaster .  while removing an old sofa to make way for new furniture ,  the delivery men stained the new carpet .  i whipped out our new atlantis ,  filled the rinse tank and popped in the soap cartridge .  with manual in hand ,  i tried to quickly clean the carpet as the new furniture was making its way up the stairs .  .  .  the unit did not dispense soapy water ,  the hand-held wand leaked ,  and finally i discovered that the body of the until was leaking all over my carpet ,  creating a soggy new stain .  so here i am with two stains on my now very wet carpet ,  furniture being delivered and an atlantis unit sitting in my bathtub until i can find a large sledge hammer .  don't waste your money with this thing .  there has to be a better answer
this cooker made great rice .  .  . for a grand total of 3 uses before it broke !  it also has a very thin and easily dented aluminum bowl that is not non-stick .  there are better cookers out there for comparable prices .  don't waste your money
while seeing this pasta bowl on sale for $4 . 99 here at amazon . com ,  i didn't think twice to purchase several of them will all kind of color availalbe 2 weeks ago .  what a great price !  i was so excited and waiting on the door on the schedule delivery day .  the packing is nice and secure .  the color was so vivid at the first sight ,  but .  .  .  .  after i took a hard look ,  almost half of the bowls are defective !  !  un-colored white spot ,  un-glazed bubble holes ,  black dots/stain inside of the bowl .  even defective spots are tiny ,  but they are so obvious .  they just don't look good with those flaws on them !  i was so .  .  .  . disappointed and frustrated as i went through all the 21 bowls i ordered .  by the way ,  the black bowl have no name or mark of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowl .  i will say those are probably the factory-secondary products .  it turned out i have to return almost half of the bowls and keep those bowls with bearable defectiveness ,  such as vague stamp of the manufacturer on the bottom of the bowls .  of course ,  all the black ones are returned since they are no-name with the bad quality .  no one will even believe they are fiestaware !  !
this torch just does not work .   i won't stay lit for more than a couple of seconds .   when it does stay lit ,  the flame is horrible .   please ,  for the love of god ,  do not waste your money on this
the rating i give this item relates to the lack of value .   in a few more clicks ,  you can buy a service-for-eight of white corelle for less than what three of these dinner plates will cost you .  that said ,  i have owned my corelle  ( two services-for-four )  for more than twenty-five years ,  using it regularly .   all dishes are intact ,  they are light and stack nicely ,  and maybe i'm just not enough of a snob but i don't know why anyone would need any other dishes
i thought this was the answer to my crock-pot prayers !   i received it for christmas and was heart broken to realize that you can choose high for 4 or 6 hours or low for 8 or 10 hours .    ( look at the product image enlarged )  most things i cook take 6 hours on low !   i occasionally have something that needs 8 hours but most of the time it is 6 to 7 hours .   unfortunately ,  if it doesn't do the time you need ,  it is completely useless .   you would have to be home to turn it off or down .   so i returned it and am making do with my select brands corningware programmable ,   ( it doesn't do 6 hours on low either )  and a regular 3 quart .   i just make it home in time or i don't cook it
well reviewed on amazon but this kettle is lacking .  the copper does ,  indeed ,  boil water fast ;  and that's the job of a kettle ,  i admit .  however ,  the button/trigger that opens the spout is too close to the steam and you're forever guarding your fingers and shying away from the kettle .  as you tilt the kettle to pour ,  you're also tilting the steam nearer to your fingers .  it's uncomfortable at best and searing at worst .while you learn how to not get scalded ,  this kettle is always at least slightly irritating .   there are better kettles around
the sango splash line of dinnerware is gorgeous ,  no doubt about it .  it's got a lovely combination of colors and textures and it feels great in the hand .  so what's the problem ?  it chips .  i've had a set of eight place settings plus various serving pieces and other extras for about two years .  at last count ,  there were five pieces with chips and one cracked cup .  that doesn't say much for the set's longevity ,  especially since i don't use these every day .
the amco sifter broke during the second time i was using it and the first time i used it it took a long time and the handle kept sticking .  also my hand ,  wrist and arm were hurting so bad from all the work it took just to get four cups sifted .   it also leaks flour where the handle is at the bottom
stainless my foot !  i received these from my wedding registry and only just used them for thanksgiving this weekend .  after one run through the dishwasher ,  several pieces are rusted ,  the finish has worn off ,  and they are even pock-marked in places !  i too threw away the box when i first took them out ,  and cannot find *any* information on warranty or how to contact cambridge silversmiths .i've bought cheap individual pieces of stainless for *camping* that stood up better than this .  i wish i'd put oneida on my registry instead of this crap
after using this product twice i was extremly disapointed .the drip tray does not catch all the dripping from frying bacon .the grease ends up all over the counter and melting the base unit that the drip tray fits in .   you would think wolfgang puck would try this product under all conditions to make sure it is enginered corectly .   my counters are level so this is not an issue .   i am a dissatisfied customer .
the bag is narrow and difficult to fill .   you invariably end up with a mess which gets even more messy because the bag is made from a very slippery plastic .   i had no luck using this bag ,  even though i gave it two chances
this percolater makes great coffee and i was very happy with it until it broke within two years .  actually the first thing that broke was the little plastic knob on the top .  i called the company and they were very nice about it .  they quickly sent me a replacement part .  i thought ,  what a great company .  then when it would not work one morning just a little over two years after i bought it i called them again .  they explained that it was no longer under warranty  ( i think i missed the warranty term by a month or two .  )  they offered that i could purchase a refurbished one from them for about half the price of the original  ( i paid about $70 . 00 ,  a refurbished one was ,  i think ,  $35 . 00 )  but it came with no warranty and i'd have to pay shipping .  i was very ,  very disappointed .  thankfully ,  i had my old drip coffee maker in the attic .  i pulled that out and have been using it although it does not make as good a cup of coffee as this percolator did .this product should have lasted me years .  i am looking for another good cordless percolator but would not consider another product by this company .  i gave it the two star rating instead of one because it did truly make a good cup of coffee but the two year life is just not worth the cost
both pads  " burned "  on the backside the first time i used them .   they are still serviceable ,  but the  " burned "  areas are hard .   they were used in a normal kitchen--no blow torches
you can buy this at walmart for $78 . 00 .  the seller here is charging $89 . 00 plus $26 . 00 shipping .  you can buy here for 115 . 00 or go to walmart and get it for 78 . 00 .also ,  seller misquoted price on this item and when he realized this he cancelled my order through amazon . will not buy from this seller again . this new seller who sells on ebay also is not getting off to a very good start
i bought these towels to wash my car ,  so i wanted a thick soft 100% cotton nap .   what i received was on par with the thin towels you'd find at cheap hotel - not thick or soft .   on the plus side ,  the sewed in tag did say 100% cotton and it was made in the usa
the only positive thing i can say about this candy thermometer is that the design allows it to stay on the sauce pan relatively well .   other than that ,  it is difficult to discern temperatures between the 0 - 50 marks .   also ,  it tends to read low so that the candy is much warmer than the read out indicates .   since using this thermometer ,  i have ruined more batches of fudge than i care to think about .   if you want a good candy thermometer ,  don't buy this one .
thankyou for the reviews about quality .   i wanted to share with krups why i wouldn't buy there panini maker .   but when i tried to email customer service it was to complicated to let them know .   i also read there warranty and it appears your grills should be covered under one year .   but of course it adds at there discretion .   i am still deciding which to get but cuisinart has a 3 year warranty
the kitchenaid professional 5 plus  ( kv25g0x )  is a great product ,  but you should buy it elsewhere .  we ordered it from amazon ,  and got the commercial  ( km25g0x )  instead .  we did not want that ,  so contacted customer service .  they said they'd exchange it ,  but they sent us another km25g0x .  no good ,  obviously .  then ,  the customer service representative claimed they could not reliably get in touch with the warehouse ,  so they had no idea whether they ever actually would get the item they advertise .  they said they sometimes substituted similar products .  great .at this point we gave up ,  and ordered instead straight from the manufacturer
i received my food processor for christmas .   i had noticed the same processor at a different store that came with a bonus blade for fine shredding .   i decided to see if i could buy accessories for mine online .   i could not find any accessories or replacement parts for the power pro ii .   i was concerned about the number of unfavorable reviews i came across during my search .   despite the numerous negative comments concerning the motor going out ,  i decided to keep it .   i used it for the first time tonight to make a sauce and was only halfway finished when it stopped working !   i strongly recommend not purchasing this food processor
pfaltzgraff products are always reliably good ,  the pistoulet dinnerware actually makes me feel cheerful when i use it .  the colors are great and the designs are whimsical .  i bought two sets in different colors and mix and match which makes the eating experience even more fun .  i want to start collecting all the fun serving pieces too .  the only thing i didn't like was taking stickers off each piece in the box .  that always makes me crazy ,  it should be against the law to put stickers on dishes
after going thru several $20 dollar blenders in the last 10 years i decided to splurg and go for the kitchenaid .  well it didn't last even as long as the cheap ones .  the motor is still good ,  and the blades are still good ,  but they used a little plastic coupler between the two and it lost all it's teeth one by one .  we mainly like to make milkshakes and smoothies about 3 or 4 times a week .
my husband sweats a lot at night and i thought this would stop the problem .   it didn't at all .   it doesn't seems like it does anything for me either .   it just feels like a normal mattress pad .   not exactly worth the price for a normal mattress pad
i thought it was me but every time that i lift the cover on this oven ,  there is this strange rotting smell .   it doesn't seem to matter what has been in there ,  either .   no matter what food .  .  . same rotting smell .in fact ,  whenever i lift the cover ,  my wife goes running from the room holding her nose ,  screaming about how disgusting it is .
purchased this set and on the first use the non-stick finish ,  started peeling off .   not worth buying
i put a fairly warm pound cake on the bottom of the cake keeper---apparently too warm .  cracks developed from opposite edges and met in the middle , creating a separation and thereby rendering the keeper useless
the tea press works fine if you are planning on serving a crowd .   for one or two people ,  it simply doesn't work .   you must add an enormous amount of tea for the press to work properly .   i once had a smaller tea press ,  and i thought that was what i was purchasing here .
i received the delonghi xr640 toaster oven and was disappointed to find it unuseable .  the wire rack inside was such a tight fit ,  it took 2 hands to pull it out !  after a few times doing this ,  the enamel finish was starting to come off ,  which would soon result in rusting metal .  i never turned it on ,  just returned it immediately .
all four glasses arrived broken .   they are not packed for shipment .   i have tried three times to get amazon to refund my money but i have had no luck .   heed the warnings
this krups espresso maker leaves water and steam all over the counter every time it is used .  i think the  " built in safety "  features are to blame .  the finer the grind ,  the more water leaked out .  keep in mind that fine grinds are recommended for espresso and cappuccino .using a coarse grind ,  which is usually only used for cowboy coffee out on the trail or french press machines ,  i still get quite a bit of leakage .  using finer grinds produces more and more leakage leaving only about half a carafe of extremely strong espresso which is indeed more like cowboy or french press coffees .  -i enjoy cowboy coffee but would prefer espresso from my espresso machine plus i hate all the mess .the krups machine i had fifteen years ago worked well but this machine sucks big time .  if you don't want to fork over a lot of bucks for a  " real "  espresso maker ,  try a mr coffee espresso machine .  mine ,  which i use when i travel ,  cost less than twenty dollars and does not leak .in the meantime i have ordered a lello 45900 ariete espresso/cappuccino maker to replace the krups .  -i'll keep you postsed .billy bat
the pad sent to me did not match the description or photo .   the neck on the pad is very narrow .   the photograph depicts a different type of ironing board than the one the cover actually fits .   i bought two of these and had to return them both as they did not fit the board .   i was stuck paying the shipping ,  thus penalizing me for a product that was misrepresented
this is a gorgeous ice bucket .  it is large and stylish .   however ,  i cannot recommend it because of the lid .   the lid is attached to the bucket and does not come completely off .   instead ,  it pivots and swings up .   the problem with this is that you cannot fill the bucket all the way up with ice because you have to leave a good amount of room at the top for the lid to swing .   and ,  because the lid is not removable ,  it gets in the way especially if you want to use this bucket as a champagne/wine cooler .   poor design flaw .   i want an ice bucket that i can remove the lid and put it aside if i don't need to use it rather than having it sticking up and in the way .  you'll notice in oxo's main picture of this bucket on this site it is shown without the lid sticking up .   why ?   because it makes for a cleaner look not having the lid in the way .   hey oxo ,  that's the same look i wanted this bucket to have sitting on my bar !would it have killed oxo to put a knob/handle on the lid and let the customer decide if they want the lid on or off ?  i swear sometimes i think manufacturers never bother actually testing out the things they design .  if they had ,  surely they would have noticed how bad their lid idea was .   or they could have looked at every other ice bucket on the market to see that theirs is the only one in which the lid doesn't come off .   that should have been a clue to them that there are obvious merits to having  a removable lid .this bucket has a clear plastic lid .   i don't understand why it's plastic at all .   first of all ,  it's an ice bucket !   i think everyone knows ice is inside without needing to peek through the lid .   secondly ,  a metal lid will keep the temperature inside colder longer than than a plastic lid .  that is why the bucket is made of metal ,  not plastic .   metal is a better conductor of heat and cold .i wish i had noticed the lid before i purchased it .   i didn't pay close enough attention .  i suppose i assumed it was a normal lid that came off like all the others .   thankfully i got the bucket from my local bed bath & beyond making its return very easy .   i am sorry i have to return it  because this really is a nice looking bucket .  however ,  i don't intend to spend $40 on an ice bucket just to sit there ,  look pretty and receive compliments--that's my job as hostess  : - )  .   i want an ice bucket that is functional too .oh ,  well .  .  . my search for the perfect ice bucket continues .
all the airbake products i have used thus far have proven awful over time .  after only several uses ,  cookies stick  ( even after religious greasing of the sheet )  and the sheets are impossible to clean without scratching or rubbing off the surface .  now i have to place a silpat on top to save myself the headache .  i'd save my money and spend it on a heavier duty ,  higher quality baking sheet .
as soon as i opened it and tried to remove the lid for cleaning ,  it broke !  no instructions provided on how to remove ,  replace the removable parts
i used a west bend triple timer for about 25 years and was well satisfied with it .  it had a loud alarm .  the new model has a clock  ( not very useful )  ,  a stop watch function  ( moderately useful )  and a triple timer function  ( fairly useful )  .  unfortunately the timer functions are more difficult to set than on the older unit .  the alarm is very weak ,  very difficult for me to hear .  i am looking for another alarm .
i'm actually having trouble sleeping on these sheets they are so uncomfortable and rough .  they may be technically 320 tc ,  but they do not feel like more than 150 !  strongly recommend against buying them .  mine are going to have a nice life as paint drop cloths .
heads and tails above my 8 year old hoover wind-tunnel bagged unit .  never did understand the 8 bucks for 3 bags .  hoover should have given the vacuum away due to always having to replace bags every week  ( adds up to big bucks quickly )  .the dyson kicks butt .  .  .  three times the dirt is picked up every week when compared to hoover bag replacement size of dirt removed .wish the dyson had self propelled system .  .  .  the house keeper wouldn't be so tired after 3 hours  ; o )  handy hose and a really well thought out system .hands down the best unit i've ever owned .  time will tell if it holds up like the hoover unit did .  won't miss the belt replacements  ( 2 )  or the bag cost on the hoover .would i buy another ?  if it holds up like my hoover did .  .  .  you bet .  .  .  like i stated before :  kicks butt at picking up dog fur- !
i used this smoothie machine once ,  and it made a nice smoothie .   the second time it locked up and i could smell something burning in the motor .  i used the exact measurements for liquids and frozen fruit ,  so i'm confident i didn't do anything wrong .   i sent it back for a refund immediately .
the machine leaked after we poured in the liquid ingredients . the mix in dispenser did not operate properly ,  all we put in were sprinkles .  the ice cream did not harden enough until about 25 minutes ; kids cannot wait that long . we could of driven to the local ice cream store and back by this time .  save your money , buy a old fashion ice cream maker instead at least your kids will get a workout and be occupied at the same time
i own 3 other malibu shores comforter sets and i just love it with no problem .   but ,  with this particular set i'm so disappointed with the quality of the material is poor ,  the areas where two materials were sewn together is tearing apart ,  and the stitchings are coming apart in many different parts of the comforter .   not to mention the padding is already separating after two weeks of usage
this blender is frustrating .  it offers good points ,  but in the end ,  the flaws outweigh the benefits .  first the good :the heavy glass base is stable and easy to clean .  the powerful motor hacks through most foods with ease .  when the blender is started ,  the motor begins at a low speed for a second or two before turning on fully .the problems i found led me to toss the blender .  if you plan on making blended soups ,  beware of the explosive force with which this beast turns on .  without a heavy hand on the lid ,  both the lid and your soup will hit the ceiling .  moderately thick ,  viscous liquids  ( a lemon cream was the latest such one i experienced )  tend to get caught in the scalloped swoops in the jar .  this leads to only the center portion of the liquid being actively blended ,  while the outer edges stagnate and remain clumpy .  deft work with a spatula is required to coax everything into the blending area .the above problems were annoying ,  caused occasional swearing ,  but  were tolerable .  what finally got me shopping for a replacement was worse .  after several years of moderate use ,  the kitchenaid stopped working .  the blades and motor are connected via a set of rubber teeth .  these reduce operating noise ,  but over time ,  weaken .  the problem first arose when making smoothies with chunky frozen fruit such as strawberries .  a burning rubber smell came from the blender coupled with a strange noise and no action in the container .  the rubber drive teeth slipped ,  and friction quickly heated them up .  the result was hot ,  floppy rubber teeth that bent flat instead of turning the blades .  when this happens ,  it takes 20 minutes or more before the teeth are capable of another round of use .  before long the blender could not even swirl water for more than a few seconds before the teeth slipped
pan was what was expected but the muffins do not come out looking like a mushroom .   i was looking for a pan where the muffin top came over the muffin so you could break it off .   it's hard to explain .
ordered it in october ,  now it's january 8th !i give up
i thought that this would actually be something that i would need when i registered for this for my wedding .  but this is more of a toy for the kitchen than something that you will actually use .  sure kids might like to use it when they cook ,  but in all the time that i have owned one ,  i have only used it once .  its more of a hassle because you have to clean it out afterwards .  you are better off without it
with 3 different speeds you think you would able to make a shake or smoothie in this machine with no problems right ?  nope ,  i am always running into problems with ice getting stuck around the blade assembly ,  and i do mean stuck !   i have not had this blender for very long ,  and i really don't use it very often either so there is no reason i should be told my blades are probably dull - its not like i was making a brick smoothie !  ahh .  .   also why does the lid stain so easily - i have never made anything that contains purple in my blender ans now my lid is permantly that color !   the best thing i can say about this is that it is heavy so it stays put ,  and the lid has a really tight seal which is not good if you have limited mobility in your hands .   i have since purchased a differnt brand and have no problems !   looks the mixer is the only thing kitchenaid has perfected
this is  a complete waste of time .  this thing takes a lot longer than a traditional knife .  the tomato juice goes everywhere and its flimsy .  you actually have to saw and the blades bend like crazy .  dont waste your time or money
i received the delonghi deep fryer on friday evening and had it at the post office on monday morning .   i did everything except stand on my head to get it to make potato chips .  .  . smaller batches ,  larger batches ,  shorter cooking times ,  longer cooking times .   what i did get ,  consistantly ,  resembled more a potato cake which was soggy in the middle .   i bought a waring pro at william sonoma for $40 more and had beautiful potatos monday evening .   bottom line .  .  . delonghi may be a bit cheaper and a tad easier to clean ,  but i want good tasting food
i have several other silicone spatulas ,  and this kitchenaid scraper is ,  by far ,  the worst i've used .   most silicone scrapers are soft and flexible ,  but this one is very stiff and rigid ,  so you cannot scrape containers out very well at all .   honestly ,  it doesn't even appear to be made of silicone .   cheap grocery store spatulas work much better than this one .   very disappointing
i've had 4 or 5 of these thermometers over the years and when they work they are great .  but inevitably the probes fail .  you will think its your fault and probably buy a new one .  but the reviews show that the probes are not up to the temperature extremes they will be subjected to in a grill or an oven .one solution i've tried that works pretty well ,  is to keep your receipt ,  and when the probe fails ,  take it back where you bought it for a replacement .
used this burner during a kitchen renovation .   doesn't heat very evenly for use with a skillet ,  but product is sufficient for boiling water for pasta and vegetables .   wish the base was heavier for stability
i loved this bread machine ,  but it broke after owning it for about three years .   my husband took it apart to try to fix it ,  but could not repair it .   it was making bread and just turned off .   we could not get it to turn back on and the manual was not helpful in trying to fix such a problem .   we now have to replace it .   it worked great until it just stopped working .   i think a breadmaker should last longer then three years .   also ,  i did need to make sure the ingredients in the corners of the pan got mixed into the dough ,  so i couldn't just program it and leave the house
and bit the dust .  i use it once a year for 3 days .  i'm estimating it made coffee 10 times .  now it wont brew anything but weak coffee .  if you fill it to 55 cups it takes about an hour to brew .  now it perks for 30 minutes and walla it makes the coffee weak .  i was going to call faberware and noticed they charge 95 cents per minute .  for what ?  like the last guy said it's an expensive way to make a cup of coffee .  it's a throwaway .  so , this time i'll buy the west bend for 35 bucks and when it stops working i'll throw it away .  at least i wont be thrwing away 150 bucks
i was so excited when i found a contemporary stainless pattern to add to my gift registry .   when i received the 20 piece set at a shower i was very ecited until i washed them and never got to eat off them because they rust !  !  !  !   i called gourmet settings and they are sending me another set but i am removing the 45 piece set from my registry .   i will use them for picnic silverware not dining roon silverware
our dogs didn't even notice it .   we have three small terriers and i thought this would be a suitable device for a few house slippers .   i was wrong - the kept on barking .  .
i was so excited to buy these sheets as my husband and i have 600 thread count sheets that we love .  these ,  i do not love so much .  this is why :1 .  they are increadibly stiff .  i washed them 5 times before my first use and even tried vinegar and salt washes to soften them- it did not work .  they are ,  however ,  softening as we sleep on them .2 .  they are so wrinkley !  !3 .  they barley fit the bed .  the description says that is fits extra deep mattresses but it is a struggle to get them on my bed .i just read consumer reports and they recommend that you buy between 400-600 thread count ,  they contend more than that is unnecessary for a soft ,  nice sheet .  my 600 thread count sheets are much more soft and have very few wrinkles .  dont waste your money ,  buy something else
i thought the four 4 . 5 inch springform pans would be equivalent to one 9 . 0 inch springform pan .   after all ,  the areas are equal ,  i . e .  4 * 2 . 25 * 2 . 25 * pi == 4 . 5 * 4 . 5 * pi .   i thought i could use the recipe for a 9-inch cheesecake and have 4 4 . 5-inch cheesecakes that tasted the same but were a more convenient size for giving as gifts .however ,  while the areas are the same ,  the volumes are not .   the pans are not deep enough .   while a 9-inch springform pan is 3 inches deep ,  these 4 . 5-inch springform pans are 1 . 5 inches deep .   therefore ,  if you use the recipe for a 9 inch cheese cake ,  you have a lot of batter left over .   if you half the recipe ,  you produce baked goods that taste something like cheesecake but not as dense or as moist or as rich .i was very disappointed in these pans .   they may be good for something ,  but i don't know what .   they are well-made ,  so i won't throw them away ,  but right now i feel like they were a waste of money
have been using the set for less than a month .  rust has started to form on the knives just where the blades are fused to the handles - right at the seams .  looks like rust starts from the inside of the handle .  unless design is changed ,  don't know how replacement knives will be any different .  too bad since knives are sharp and set is designed beautifully
i have numerous le creuset items ,  and this has to be the worst one .   everything sticks to the finish .   salsbury steak turns out horrible  ( can't make gravy )  ,  breakfast sausage patties become ground sausage pieces due to the sticking .   and ,  like mentioned in an earlier post ,  it is hard to clean .   beware this new finish ,   ( they have it on their grill pans also ) it is not up to par
i have not received this item yet .   i tracked this item and it seems that it was delivered aug 12 to phoenix ,  az .   i live in oklahoma and that was the address on the shipment .   what can be done about this ?   thank yo .  please let me hear from you soon .   l .  jackson
the replacement filters for the sv726 do not fit and are not the same shape as the filter that came with the shark vac
the professional 5 qt .  series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart .   i was given no info .  that it would not fit this model .  i was dissapointed as i feel this attachment would be helpfu
not much to say about this item it sucks .  very thin and cheap made .  does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah this is the worst product i have every got from amazon .
i thought that 1200 thread count meant really soft .  .  .  .  . while these sheets are really thick ,  they feel like sand paper .   if you're looking for soft sheets ,  don't buy these .
i jumped on purchasing this machine when i saw it .  i was tired of storing beans in the freezer .  i put 4 aa batteries in it and a pound of beans ,  closed the lid and the sucking sound started .  .  . and it kept going ,  and kept going ,  and kept going .  i started looking for places to store it so that it wouldn't wake me up at night or disturb me with it's annoying hum first thing in the morning .  but i didn't have to worry ,  but the next morning the batteries were dead .  i replaced them and within 24 hours they were all dead again !   there is no place to plug it in so you're stuck with using batteries .  i'm going to try buying rechargables but i don't know how long i'm going to want to keep this replacement going !  !p . s .   i found it interesting that after i post my negative review three 5 star reviews appear from people who have no review history and none of them address the battery issue .  sur la table ,  is sending me a new unit but told me that they received an identical complaint about the battery life .  be wary .   i'll try to update you
i purchased the melitta mill in april ,  it's now july and the thing is shot .   we used it daily to grind 2 tablespoons of coffee ,  first the switches stuck and then we had to plug and unplug it to run the thing .   sure it was inexpensive ,  but you should get more than three months out of the purchase .   $6+ a month just to grind coffee ?   don't buy this poorly constructed product .
i have used the steamer once ,  and was disappointed at how long it took .  the steam comes out weakly and splattered water on the garment several times .  i was just trying to take the store creases out of a new pair of lightweight cotton trousers ,  and it took a lot of going over to get it done .  i used to have a small hand steamer that put out a real blast of steam and worked much faster .  this one will probably work on heavier material like drapes ,  but it will take a very long time .  i wouldn't buy it if you plan to use it for anything other than very delicate items ,  and it seems like a lot of equipment to lug out for that job .  a hand unit makes more sense to me ,  and you wouldn't have to maneuver that long hose .  this is just one more large thing to store .  i wish i could return it to wal-mart ,  but will probably give it away and buy something that is easier to use
i wish it was possible to give less than 1 star !   went through dishwasher once ,  came out rust !   save your money .  .  .  . or your packaging !   i thought chicago cutlery ;  how can i go wrong ?   so out the packaging went !   i called chicago cutlery .   turns out some of their stuff is now made in china .  wouldn't that make it china cutlery ?
capsule : an insult . a stupid and incompetent movie that doesn't even have the benefit of being trashily enjoyable . weslely and woody would do well to leave this off their resumes . money train is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it's not simply idiotic , it's contemptuous of its audience . it tries to make us swallow things that a better movie would be stopped cold by or just plain omit entirely . it's a waste of wesley snipes and woody harrelson , who are enjoyable actors in their own rights but are nauseating here . it's not even fun as trash . woody and wesley star ( maybe that's not the right word ) as new york city transit authority police . they have a job which could actually be the core of a really interesting movie : one of them plays drunk possum to attract chain-snatchers and the other does lookout . i had a whole headful of legal and ethical questions surrounding this , raised by a documentary i'd seen on the subject once , but the movie does not waste any time with being intelligent or thought-provoking . see if you can follow this . they chase a kid down the tunnel and into the station where the " money train " , the heavily armored car that picks up all the cash from the token books , is parked . the guards on the train see this kid running at them , lift their machine guns , shout " halt ! " and then open fire when the kid doesn't stop running at them . blam , the kid's dead . then woody and wesley show up , and of course the other ta cops hate them ( why ? ) , and a pushing match starts , and someone gets decked , and . . . i covered my face . i'd seen enough . i've never seen a movie work so hard and in so little time to destroy , systematically , any chance of being credible or interesting . fed up with the bs at their job ( most of it their own goddamned fault ) , woody and wesley hatch this plot about how to rob the money train . hence the title , in case some of you ( all two of you ) didn't figure it out yet . then there's this subplot about a maniac who torches token book clerks , * and * a love story , * and * a holdup -- no , two holdups , sorry , easy to lose track in a movie this braindead -- * and * a mob boss who wants his money . there wasn't a minute when i gave a horse's ass about any of it . neither woody nor wesley play characters that are interesting for a single minute . we do not care about them . they are not interesting . they are noisy , loud , stupid , foolish jerks who whould have flunked out of the police academy . they deserve to get shot -- or run over , as the case may be . they only exist to rehash the kind of dynamics that was * written * into a movie like white men can't jump , and which simply does not exist here . they are idiots , and we're expected to root for them . bullcrap . the movie is completely schizophrenic in its tone and texture . what exactly is this mess ? a cop movie ? police procedure is not given a moment's genuine thought anywhere . a thriller ? the subplot with the token booth killer is inept , a throwaway that should have been ditched in the rewrite . a comedy ? the few jokes that do work are wasted . a drama ? all dramatic tension between both principals is freeze-dried and off-the-rack . there's not a moment in the movie where i felt like i was listening to genuine human beings talk ; it's all screenwriterese , that bizarre analect where every sentence ends in a punchline and the primary mode of expression is the unique conjunctions of four-letter words . ( actual dialogue excerpt : " fuck you . " " what ? " " you heard me : fuck * you * . " " no : fuck * you * ! " ) look . i'll be honest here . i've tried writing screenplays , and even * i * suspect that if i tried to pitch this mess , i'd get laughed out of the office . anyone interested in hearing my ideas for a few good movies can write me and hear my pitch , because god knows i know i can do better . i've weasted enough time on this piece of tripe . 
america's favorite homicidal plaything takes a wicked wife in " bride of chucky , " and their unholy matrimony is something old , nothing new . the burning question on the minds of most moviegoers , however , has nothing to do with nuptial specifics or even how the movie stacks up , but rather whether or not the duo gets down and dirty on their blood-soaked honeymoon . the answer is a sick-and-twisted yes - and viewers are treated to a shadowy glimpse of some hot-enough-to-melt-rubber ( or at least singe it ) lovin' . guess they're anatomically correct . chucky ( again voiced by brad dourif ) , of course , is the star of the " child's play " series , a my buddy-type doll possessed by the spirit of a slain serial killer . in " bride , " the plot ( heh ) picks up with his girlfriend tiffany ( jennifer tilly ) resurrecting chucky's remains ( he was blown up at the end of " child's play 3 " ) with the help of a black arts manual called " voodoo for dummies . " silly mortal . before long , she's also been reduced to shin-high figurine status , and the plastic incarnations of these one-time lunatic lovebirds hit the road to scope out some potential new human bodies . the rest of this rocky horror puppet show plays out as tiff and the chuckster stalk a young couple ( nick stabile and katherine heigl ) with conjugal plans of their own , leading them towards a new jersey grave where a magical , soul-transferring amulet allegedly lies in wait . along the way , our murderous barbie and ken go through post-marriage motions similar to any given pair of newlyweds - bicker , argue , kiss and make up . but when they squabble over who's going to do the dishes , watch out . hey , even faux people have got to work through their problems . director ronny yu keeps the mayhem flashy and stages an inventive scene or two , but not even visual flair can make up for the fact that these creepy kewpies are neither scary nor menacing . when one of them charges , it's nothing a good forward punt couldn't take care of . and when a climactic chase scene is needed , one of the dim-bulb protagonists must _pick_chucky_up_ so the demonic toy can force his hostage to run at gunpoint . throw in some silly casualties and a ridiculous ending ( will " son of chucky " be next ? ) and this is a bizarrely bad 89-minutes at the movies . as is the thing to do in post- " scream " slasher cinema , don mancini's screenplay slathers on the in-jokes and genre-parody . but little of the humor succeeds , proving self-reference can be completely worthless when it lacks bite . to be fair , though , most of " bride of chucky " is on auto-pilot , so it's not quite right to single out one misfired aspect of the film . similarly shaky , the acting ranges from screeching camp to boring bland , the effects aren't that special and the story is one big groaner . here's hoping chucky and his entire clan - past , present and future - rest in peace . 
american pie 2 is filled with laughs . but they are mostly cheap ones built primarily upon sexual degradation and adolescent humor more fit for a locker room than a movie theater . i'm no prude and i admit to laughing along with everyone else at the preview screening to this sequel to the 1999 hit comedy . but the laughs are built on discomfort and embarrassment , not on any intrinsic humor from within the story itself . what separates american pie 2 from its predecessor is heart . of the original , i noted it was " a warm , pleasant outing about the travails of growing up . " well , the quartet of chums - jim ( jason biggs ) , oz ( chris klein ) , kevin ( thomas ian nicholas ) and finch ( eddie kaye thomas ) - have grown up . at least they are a year older , but don't seem any wiser . fresh from their first year of college the quartet , along with the obnoxious stifler ( seann william scott ) , rent a summer house by the lake in order to attract girls in an attempt to score . as usual nothing goes right until the last reel . but what we are left with is five guys spending nearly two hours drooling over various young women . and american pie 2 is rather degrading to women . for the most part , they are not shown as individuals . they are nothing more than potential recipients of over-active , raging hormones . it is telling that the most normal couple , oz and heather ( mena suvari ) spend the bulk of the film trying to have phone sex - she's overseas on an exchange student program . despite having been to college , jim is still klutzy and awkward , unsure of himself around the opposite sex . most of the pratfalls and humiliations are heaped upon him , including a painful episode involving an instant glue-like substance . also uncomfortable to watch is a sequence involving three of the lads with two young women roommates , whom the boys suspect of being lesbians . it is offensive and plays upon outdated , adolescent stereotypes to generate laughs . the first film , despite some raunchy moments , had an innocent charm to it . the sequel is more cynical . it knows what its predominantly male audience members want and unabashedly gives it to them : the many mentions of finch's encounter with stifler's mom becomes a tiresome running gag throughout as does eugene levy's return as jim's well-meaning , trying-to-be-hip dad . the only performer who is actually given some new , fresh material is alyson hannigan as michelle , the band geek from the original . in the sequel , she imbues her character with vulnerability , wisdom and maturity . american pie 2 is a pre-sold commodity that will earn several million at the box office . it is a shame , though , that in its rush to rake in some bucks screenwriter adam herz , who also penned the original , could not have set his sights higher . american pie 2 is funny , but it's still a comedown as well as a letdown . 
i can't recall a previous film experience where the fairly good time i was having turned as sour as quickly as it did during feeling minnesota . for forty minutes or so , i was lured into a loopy if occasionally over-wrought romantic comedy , and i was even giving keanu reeves the benefit of the doubt . then , rather suddenly , i was clubbed over the head with a nasty bit of violence ; shortly thereafter , i was whacked in the gut by another . feeling minnesota is a film that made me feel violated , as though i had trusted writer-director steven baigelman to bring me a cool glass of water and instead he threw acid in my face . feeling minnesota tells the story of a topless dancer named freddie ( cameron diaz ) who finds herself in deep trouble when her boss red ( delroy lindo ) suspects her of stealing from him . red's punishment is to force freddie to marry his bookkeeper , sam clayton ( vincent d'onofrio ) , who is far from the man of freddie's dreams . enter jjaks ( keanu reeves ) , sam's estranged younger brother , who arrives at the wedding just in time to catch freddie's eye and have sex with her in the bathroom . united in their mutual attraction and their mutual loathing of sam , jjaks and freddie take off together , but sam isn't ready to let them go without a fight . freddie , meanwhile , isn't ready to let sam's money go without a fight , and thus begins a series of violent confrontations . there is both style and substance to the beginning of feeling minnesota , as baigelman opens with an effective montage showing jjaks and sam's intense sibling rivalry as boys , and their mother ( tuesday weld ) sending jjaks away to live with his father . it does a great job of setting up jjaks' unstable life , a life which has landed him in trouble for petty crimes and always trying to please his family ; reeves' wounded look is just right for jjaks . the wedding sequence includes a number of nice moments , most notably the aforementioned bathroom scene in which a simple question is given a very funny spin . most important , baigelman begins to establish the connection between freddie and jjaks with humor and economy , as in a scene where they both spontaneously begin singing along to the replacements' " i will dare " on the car radio . you would have every reason to expect that relationships -- both familial and romantic -- would be the focal point of feeling minnesota . unfortunately , you would be dead wrong . i suppose i should have expected daisies and valentines after an early scene in which red threatens freddie as she tries to avoid the wedding , but i certainly didn't expect what i got . what i got was yet another in a long line of recent films trying to ride the tarantino wave by mixing gags and brutality , or rather creating gags about brutality . suddenly , the story of romantic entanglements and family conflict becomes a story about a corpse , and everything which had come before degenerates so completely that virtually nothing is recognizable . the sibling rivalry not only becomes little more than an excuse for one round of beatings after another , but there is no consistency to the characterizations . vincent d'onofrio turns in a manic performance as sam , whose jealousy , competitiveness and apparent sense of inferiority seem far more in keeping with what we know about jjaks , while reeves turns into a framed hero too reminiscent of chain reaction , and both of them spend most of the second half of the film screaming and covered in blood . there are films which have managed to employ a radical shift in tone successfully ( jonathan demme's something wild and neil jordan's the crying game come to mind ) , but they didn't try to draw an audience with the promise of relatively innocuous entertainment . i don't want to dismiss baigelman's successes out of hand -- he gets a fun performance out of dan aykroyd as a crooked cop , and some well-crafted comic moments -- and it is not his fault that fine line has chosen to promote feeling minnesota as a light-hearted caper . it _is_ his fault that he violates his own characters for the sake of shock value , and that he can't make his two halves into a whole . feeling minnesota left me feeling used , and there's not much funny about that . 
five years after his directorial debut based on stephen king's writings called the shawshank redemption ( 9/10 ) , writer/director frank darabont returns to the big screen with another prison film based on the famous scribblings of stephen king . unlike the latter film , this one is a big , long , laborious bore . plot : a seven-foot death row inmate is discovered to have secret healing powers . critique : this film is slow , drawn-out , boring , uninteresting , unexciting , predictable and topped with a couple of one-dimensional " evil " characters . its only positive attribute lies in its actors who all do credible jobs and its message of hope and belief in miracles . the real miracle of my night was the fact that i did not fall asleep during this straightforward , unimpressive film about a guy with special powers who we never truly understand or care about . of course , much like all other death row cell blocks , this one is filled with decent inmates who all happen to be " misunderstood " , except for one cookie-cutter crazy guy who is evil personified . and let's not forget all the guards on death row , who also happen to be angels from the heaven above , except for one cookie-cutter crazy guard who is also evil personified ( and is there any reason why there are about six guards when there appears to be no more than three inmates ? ? ? ) . am i supposed to identify with anyone in this film ? or even more importantly , am i supposed to give a rat's ass about anyone in this film ? well , if i was , i sure missed that boat , because the only thing that i ended up caring about during this entire picture was the obscene amount of fat that tom hanks has been able to burrow under his loose chin . furthermore , there is absolutely no reason in the world why director frank darabont needed to take three hours and ten minutes out of anyone's life to present this story . in fact , the story is empty within itself . i truly did not get anything out of the film other than the fact that there is a guy on death row who has special powers to heal , and we are left wondering if he should still be executed or not . wow . how interesting . the plot's utter predictability is also at fault here with one guess as to whom is to get healed by the gentle monster in this film ( we are told that one certain lady has a tumor early on in the movie ) . whip out those thinking caps , kids ! hmmm , and i wonder what will happen to those two cookie-cutter " evil " guys who have nothing in their system but hate and negativity . hmmmm , now think hard here , boys and girls . what a crock ! i am guessing that this film was supposed to be some three-hour exercise in spirituality , but unfortunately for me , it was neither spiritual or the least bit engaging . in fact , it was one big bore . i didn't see the point of the movie , i didn't see the point of the story and i certainly didn't see the point in tom hanks' big double-chin . all in all , a bad movie starring some great actors doing solid work , especially michael clarke duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey . give that man an award or something ! 
* * * the following review contains some harsh language . . . but what did you expect when you clicked on this title ? * * * cast : kristen holly smith , danica sheridan , alex boling , michael dotson , sonya hensley , janet krajeski , sabrina lu , dionysius burbano , calvin grant , jeff b . harmon written and directed by : jeff b . harmon running time : 97 minutes " the thought of losing you makes me all vomity inside . " --- blatz balinski ( danica sheridan ) laments the fact that her lesbian lover , april ( kristen holly smith ) , has just received a telegram from her ex-fiance . isle of lesbos is an incredibly offensive musical comedy about april pfferpot ( smith ) , a resident of the small town of bumfuck , arkansas who is about to get married to high school sweetheart and football hero dick dickson ( michael dotson ) . when april gets extreme cold feet she runs home , sticks a gun in her mouth , and pulls the trigger . instead of killing herself , she is magically transported through her mirror into the isle of lesbos , an alternate dimension where lesbians rule and no men are allowed ( except for lance , the homosexual toilet cleaner/slave ) . april loves her new home and friends , but dick and her parents are not so ready to give her up . mr . and ms . pfferpot ( director jeff b . harmon and janet krajeski ) decide they need medical help so they enlist the aid of dr . sigmoid colon ( also jeff b . harmon ) , who claims he can cure homosexuality . in actuality , dr . colon is homosexual as well and begins his special " treatment " on dick dickson ( unbeknownst to dick ) . when april turns down dick's demand for her to return to bumfuck , he decides to take matters in his own hands and attack the isle of lesbos rambo-style . instead of leveling the place he falls in love with lance ( alex boling ) and the two of them , along with april and her lover blatz , get married . ( note to the filmmaker : why did the character of lance make asides to the camera followed by silence that i'm assuming was inserted for the purpose of waiting until the laughter of the audience had subsided ? ) april's parents , feeling like there is no recourse , call in a favor to president clinton and send a nuclear bomb ( whose circuitry inexplicably is made up of a homosexual performer ) their way . the bomb is a dud thanks to the work of the " circuitry " and they re-wire it and send it back to washington d . c . , destroying it . mr . and ms . pfferpot give up trying to get their daughter back and instead decide to join her as they have some alternative sexual practices of their own . i'm not sure if writer/director/co-star jeff b . harmon was purposely trying to offend people because he believes in some of the ideas his movie presents or if he was just going for cheap laughs . either way , he manages to present some of the most offensive material i have ever seen in a movie . the film opens with a preacher running a small african-american child out of town , and then later moves on to the hanging of a michael jackson impersonator by the ku klux klan ( during a jaunty musical number ) , preceded by remarks about " gays and straights finally being able to put their differences behind them and work together to hate others , such as the jews " . if harmon was merely trying to point out how idiotic society can be , then i apologize for being so harsh on elements of his film , but it is presented so mean spiritedly that i can't help but feel like he had some serious intent . as for the entire central theme of the movie , i'm afraid that it's one that i just don't get . i tried to keep an open mind while watching it , but the homosexual elements were just too prevalent for my tastes . it was hard enough to watch them bash other races and sexes without them preaching about the virtues of being homosexual and accepted by society . how does one expect to be accepted if they are just as guilty of non-acceptance ? i'm not prone to judging anyone and i believe that people should be free to explore whatever avenues they wish free from the scornful eye of society , but don't force your particular rhetoric down my throat if you aren't going to show the same respect for my preferences that you wish from me . again , maybe i'm missing the satirical point that harmon is trying to make , but if so , i think it could have been handled a little more tactfully . as far as musical comedies go , isle of lesbos is no trey parker and matt stone musical , but a good portion of the songs are maddeningly catchy . despite the disturbing visuals , " mom and apple pie " stuck with me for the rest of the day . speaking of disturbing visuals , " wedding bells ain't ringing " could have been a decent song , but the accompanying visuals of spousal abuse are more harrowing than this film should be displaying . " i'm a lesbian " ( which is touted in the press release as being particularly popular ) is also pretty good , but a good portion of that could be due to the stellar singing voice of ms . smith . it's mainly on her excellent vocals that my rating of this film is based . the other performers are decent , save for the rosie o'donnell like performance given by danica sheridan . i have no inherent problem with her character ; it is just her singing voice that leaves little to be desired . one particular musical number , " lesbian rock " , was one of the lowest points i have ever experienced in my film-going life thanks to a strained and lackluster vocal job by sheridan . the film ends about twenty minutes before the credits actually roll . the remainder of the running time is padded out with a few more songs ( " lesbian rock " included ) and the ridiculously presented anti-nukes message tacked on to the end for no reason other than to make it a feature length film . once the " isle of lesbos reprise " was reached , i felt the story had already been wrapped up well enough to end it all . why was the film needlessly stretched out past its obvious end ? isle of lesbos is available on videocassette from www . indie-underground . com . the transfer is pretty clean ( and all the detail of the wrinkled cloth and paint backdrops are readily apparent ) and the film is letterboxed at approximately 1 . 85 : 1 . in many respects , isle of lesbos has incredible cult potential ( like a rocky horror for the new millennium ) . this film is by no means my cup of tea , but i know there are those out there who will enjoy it . if you think it might be for you , then by all means seek it out . i , on the other hand , will be cleansing my palette with a good action film like gladiator . . . wait . aren't gladiator films considered to be . . . oh , never mind . 
preposterous religious action film ( produced by the trinity broadcasting network ) about a code hidden within the text of the bible that when deciphered will lead to the end of the world ( nice of those bible authors to put a doomsday code into the most read book ever eh ? ) . michael york plays a millionaire diplomat who breaks the code and sets out to become god on earth and fulfill the doomsday prophecies , while casper van dien ( terribly miscast and giving an awful performance as a result ) plays the atheist motivational speaker who must stop him . michael ironside ( great as always , despite the silly film surrounding him ) plays a fallen priest and right hand man to michael york's character . here's some subtle character development you may have missed pertaining to ironside's character . now despite the fact that we see him murder a man in the opening scene , the filmmakers aren't quite sure if their audience will understand that he is evil . how do they fix that ? make specific efforts to show that his character is the only one in the film who smokes ! there are lots of ominous shots of michael ironside smoking . . . oooooo scary . but even that wasn't enough for the filmmakers apparently , as they later have to infer that ironside's character is gay ! it comes out of nowhere and just makes no sense . my main problem with this film is that , despite the silly story ( which could have been pulled off . . . anything can be made believable if executed correctly ) , the events of the film aren't shown with any sense of urgency or importance . for example , at one point york's character is declared chancellor of the world or something , and we see one brief , cheesy news report about it . the movie keeps telling us that the apocalypse is coming , but it never seems that way . there's no " world reaction " to anything . the omega code is available on dvd from goodtimes home video . it contains the film in the original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , and includes the original theatrical trailer , a documentary on the making of the film , production notes , and cast and crew information . the documentary runs about 25 minutes and is actually surprisingly good ( it looks as though it was made for broadcast on tbn ) , and it does a comprehensive job of interviewing practically everyone in the cast and crew ( with the exception of michael ironside , unfortunately ) . the best thing about it is that whenever crew members are interviewed , they do an excellent job of explaining their profession and exactly what it is they do on a movie set . most documentaries tend to overlook this . doomsday expert hal lindsey is even interviewed ( you'll remember his documentary from the 1970's called the late great planet earth , where lindsey speculated that jimmy carter might actually be the antichrist ) . however , at the very beginning of the documentary the producers of the film managed to get on my bad side . when interviewed they actually have the nerve to say " ever see raiders of the lost ark ? well , our film is like that ! " no it isn't . not by a long shot . [pg-13] 
i wont even pretend that i have seen the other 3 alien films . i saw glimpses of alien and aliens and fragments of alien 3 , but i have by no means actually sat down and watched any of them . so take my opinion from an unbiased and impartial perspective : alien resurrection is not worth the large bag of lollies i was munching into after a hard days work . i didnt just dislike it so much because the plot was awful ; most of the acting was very average or the special effects got tiresome after 5 minutes of painful viewing  but also the fact that every tedious ingredient thrown in attempts to give this pointless dribble some meaning . sigourney weaver , whos role in alien earned her an academy award nomination , plays the character of ripley ,  who died fighting against extraterrestrial scum in alien 3 . 200 years later , scientists use a sample of blood found at the site of her death to recreate ripley - including the alien that was stuck inside her . in no time they remove the alien from her body and separate the two ; yet ripley is now not completely human , possessing strange amounts of strength and being able to withhold greater pain than a normal being . im sure someone can explain exactly why this is so , but for now well just ignore it and move on . why , you ask , would ripley and the alien inside her be recreated ? well , the smart little lab researchers believed that they would be able to discover many advancements in science from studying the alien creature . these were the same people who said they could control the alien and that their was no danger in their research . they ( yawn ) were wrong . it doesnt take a genius to figure out that the rest of the film is a continuous cat and mouse chase between the humans who die off one by one and the aliens who open their mouths on every possible occasion to show off their frightfully scary un-flossed teeth . theres a little saying that goes something like this : if youre going to make a bad film , do it well .  i have seen plenty of disappointing and underachieving movies , but they are not the ones that really bother me . alien resurrection , a good example of a film that really gets up my nose , is not so much a discouraging experience but an off putting one . there is no way to describe why the australian ma rating was given to this film other than unnecessary and repulsive gore , which attempts to distract us from the wandering-but-not-going-anywhere plot . in one scene my stomach churned as i witnessed a mawkish looking alien put its hand on a characters head and literally ripped most of his face off . another one featured ripley sticking a knife through her hand just to impress someone she was talking to . fair enough if it were in a horror film or even if it bared any significance to the story , but this is unfortunately not the case , and this sort of bizarre gore is inexcusable . if you think im struggling to find one good aspect about the film , then you thought right . one exciting scene is a credit ( and the only part remotely worth seeing ) to the film , in which an alien chases two men ( one a cripple ) up a tall ladder with interesting results . but of course after that thrilling scene alien resurrection had no problem in returning to its pathetically low standard , and ends up crashing into the shores of movie dullness more often than japanese kamikaze jet fighters fall off their skis . so in a film where the one liners come as bad as earth man , what a shit hole and the primary means for one mans strategic attack is to bounce bullets off walls to hit an opponent , its no wonder why alien : resurrection turned out to be as off putting and clumsy as it is . oh , and in case youre wondering about my bag of lollies  the less i enjoy a film , the more i eat . so all the lollies were gone in 15 minutes ; but however empty the bag turned out to be , it was still a long way ahead of the movie 
porter stoddard ( warren beatty ) is a successful architect married to successful fabric designer ellie ( diane keaton ) for twenty-five years . they and best friends mona ( goldie hawn ) and griffin ( garry shandling ) are about to face marital crises in a film most well known for its torturous path to the screen , " town and country . " " town and country " has a pedigree befitting it's title with an all star cast photographed by oscar nominated cinematographer william fraker and mouthing the words of screenwriter buck henry ( " the graduate " ) under the direction of peter chelsom ( " funny bones " ) . after years of reports of budget overruns and reshoots and the racking up twelve different release dates , the media has been prepped for beatty's next " ishtar . " so , is it that bad ? the answer is no . but it's not very good either . the major problem with " town and country " is that it's unstructured and random . stoddard is immediately established as a philanderer , having just bedded a flaky cellist ( nastassja kinski ) . next scene finds him and ellie celebrating their anniversary in paris with mona and griffin . then mona spies griffin hustling a redhead into a motel and begins divorce proceedings ( buck henry cameos as both couples' divorce lawyer ) . ellie thinks she's overeacting , but sends porter to support mona on a trip to check out her family's mississippi manse . the two childhood friends end up in bed together , making us wonder why they'd never become a couple to begin with . back home , their second coupling is interrupted by ellie bursting in to tell mona she thinks porter's cheating on her . porter goes off on a trip with griffin to sun valley , idaho to have more comic misadventures with wacky women as griffin attempts to tell him that he's gay . the four friends , along with every woman porter's dallied with , all end up back in new york city somewhat happily ever after . although the film begins promisingly , resembling a woody allen take on new york city wasps , too many strands drift off into nowhere . the stoddard household is huge , containing two adult children ( josh hartnett , " the virgin suicides " and tricia vessey , " kiss the girls " ) , their colorful bedmates and a maid who's just imported her shirtless boyfriend from the rainforest back home . after an amusing early scene that has porter overhearing three bouts of lovemaking while in search of a nocturnal snack , the six supporting players are dropped except for an out-of-nowhere appearance by the formerly forgotten son . porter's romantic misadventures with women ( other than mona ) are equally mishandled . once the marital discord begins , the film seems as if it was editted with a machete , stopping and starting , never regaining its rhythm . while beatty gets off a few tart observations , his character is mostly passive and bemused . maybe we're supposed to feel sympathy for an adulterer who doesn't initiate his own sex romps ? keaton's ellie has a trusting nature that's a result of her own self involvement resulting in an unlikeable character . hawn smartly recycles her mature sex kitten wives of " the out of towners " and " the first wives' club " while shandling's relegated to true second banana status . kinski is bland and unmotivated . andie macdowell takes a weirdly unappealing role and does what she can with the screenplay's most bizarre subplot , which finds charlton heston as her rifle toting , billionaire daddy and marian seldes as her alcoholic , wheelchair-bound , foul-mouthed mother . heston and seldes are fun , as is jenna elfman as a sun valley bait and tackle salesgirl who brings porter and griffin to a halloween party . oscar nominatored cinematographer william fraker gives the film a nice look , but director chelsom shows none of the quirkily and blackly humorous depth he brought to films like " hear my song " and " funny bones . " the script is this film's weakest link - it's telling that most of the ( few ) laughs come from old-fashioned physical slapstick and the sight of beatty in a bear suit . while " town and country " isn't exactly painful to sit through , it mostly just lays there . 
saw an advanced screening of the movie sniper last night , and i have to say i wasn't too impressed . this film is about an expert marine sniper , played by tom berenger , who is teamed with a hot-shot-young-no-experience-never-killed-a-man new partner to take out some drug-kingpins and military strong men in panama . sound cliche ? that's only the beginning . billy zane ( memphis belle ) played the rookie , and never seemed to get a handle on his character . he was so contrary and pig-headed in the beginning , you just wanted to smack him . then he goes " crazy " from the pressure , but seems to immediately snap out of it . i'm not sure if the blame should lie with the directing , editing , scriptwriting , or acting . . . but it didn't all come together . i think berenger is a pretty good actor , and he looked great in the part , covered in camo , face painted , stalking through the jungle with his high-power rifle . . . but once again , his character was given some pretty bad dialogue , and didn't react too logically to many of the situations . there was very little logical development in these characters . my biggest problem with this film was it's tendency to put these two snipers in as * many * inches-from-death situations as possible . they began to resemble g . i . joes , the greatest american hero . and of course their almost supernatural accuracy with their guns was called upon to get them out of far too many close calls . now a lot of movies are stamped out of this mold , in fact that's what made die hard so much fun : the super-hero avenger type . so some will enjoy the action hero heroics , but i didn't think it fit with the nice tension that was built up in the earlier scenes , and the " real life " feel of covert operations in panama . a word must be said on the camera work , much of it was very nice . the jungles of panama ( or their stand-ins in this case ) formed a very picturesque background . . . and the drama of speeding bullets was captured using some nice trick photography . many have seen the slowed down " bullet-cam " following the projectile to its target . this was used well in the beginning to show the feverish nightmares berenger gets when remembering the moment of the kill . it was dramatic when used in flashback . . . but it seems the director liked the technique so much he started inserting these shots ( pardon the pun ) into the real time action . . . then it just seemed silly . all in all , not a real dog : there is some nice action , good atmosphere , and pretty photography . but the plot is pretty lame , the acting didn't form a cohesive whole , and far too much thisclosefromdeath heroics . 
making your first feature film ain't easy . assemble a decent , if not , strong cast , as writer/director robert moresco has done with one eyed king , and you're already ahead of the game . but rehash old plot lines , tired dialogue , and standard clich ? s , and a well-intentioned effort such as this one could jeopardize your chance at a second feature film . how many more movies do we need about a rough neighborhood full of lifelong friends hopelessly turned to crime or worse ? the enormous catalog of such movies might dissuade a filmmaker from making yet another , but here we have it . again . five irish kids in nyc's hell's kitchen make an overemotional pact over some stolen rings on an anonymous rooftop . with teary music . and slow motion . in the film's first scene . the kids grow up to be fairly worthless adults , unable or unwilling to make their way out of the heat of the kitchen . leading the clueless pack is william baldwin as a good-hearted guy who watches out for his buddies and is in tight with local mob head armand assante . i'd like to say that his character gets involved over his head in some sort of blah , blah , blah , but all we seem to get are little tastes of possible plot points . he's concerned about buddy jason gedrick's heroin abuse . he sticks up for jim breuer after he impregnates baldwin's character's sister . he looks into who might be pushing the most moronic-looking counterfeit cash ever made ( a genuinely funny touch ) . but none of this ever really amounts to anything . it seems that moresco's greater concern is to provide that intangible " slice of life " , that flavor of the neighborhood that everyone's been trying to evoke since scorsese's early work . so , we get the drunk guys , hugging and singing together at the local bar , to prove to us that they really love each other . ( do people actually do this ! ? ) we get a lot of tough street talk -- usually mumbled for effect -- and a whole lot of the f-word , whether it sounds like it fits or not . we also get a handful of good actors in small roles that seem to lack purpose . bruno kirby , chazz palminteri , you know , guys you've seen in movies just like this one before . assante is intelligent casting as the man that everyone fears , and baldwin's performance is adequate , but most of the rest of the cast jump into the tough guy persona so thoroughly that it's almost funny . moresco , a theater guy and sometimes tv writer ( including the series falcone ) , obviously labored over this one as anyone might a first child , but the content is probably too personal . as a result , the movie's style is heavy-handed , in need of a considerable amount of toning down . nearly every time an action by the grown up gang recalls something they did as kids , moresco reminds us -- boy does he remind us . with slow dissolves to the earlier scene , running in slow motion , complete with dialogue from the present , just in case we don't comprehend the link to the past . moresco needs to either trust his audience's intelligence , or have more faith in his own presentation rather than beat us over the head with it . his next project should have a little more personal distance , and a lot more subtlety . if he actually gets that chance . reviewed as part of our 2001 boston film festival coverage ( feature story coming soon ) . 
here i sit at my computer about to write my review of the recent action comedy " bait " starring jamie foxx and david morse . this is a review i don't even want to write because i'd just be laying the same criticisms on it that i would with any other so-generic-and-predictable-it's-beyond-ridiculous piece of hollywood fluff . if they're not going to give us , the audience , just a little credit and put something together with half a brain , why should i waste my time and mental energy criticising it ? last summer i took this same approach with my review of " the mummy , " in that review i just quoted phrases my reviews of other sub-par movies . i think i shall do the same thing here but with a few less quotes ( not all are applicable ) . i hope this goes to show you what i think of " bait " and why you can find out all you need to know about it without having to take a wild guess . it's genuinely unfunny ( i , and the other audience members only laughed once during the entire two hours ) , unoriginal and unthrilling . it's not so bad to the point where it's fun to watch because of its badness and it's no so bad you absolute loathe it and are pained by watching it , it's just such a cliche in and of itself , that , uhh . . . lost my train of thought . anyways , here's those quotes , enjoy ! " getting an audience's attention right from the beginning plays a major role in how today's films work . we want to have something exciting to watch , not a slow build-up of a story ( god forbid ! ) , and this film plays right into the mainstream's hands . . . " - review of " armageddon . " " it's clear the film doesn't want to waste time on reality and thus the attempt to establish plausability ( the most minimal amount necessary ) comes across as a half-assed effort . supporting characters and shady sup-plots are introduced , but as is the case with films made up of a large cast of characters , only a handful have any real significance . . . there's a fine line separating homage from plagiarism . . . , " - review of " godzilla " ( 1998 ) " unfortunately , as is the case with most modern thrillers , once the film showed potential for authenticity and intelligence , the cliches and action sequences take over , " - review of " the jackal . " chad'z movie page is back after heavy renovation . reviews of nearly all mainstream movies playing today ! get my reviews of everything playing at your local cineplex so you can better make an informed decision on what to see . don't forget to vote on my poll and sign the guestbook ! 
the working title for no looking back was long time , nothing new , and rarely has there been a more apt name for a motion picture . even though this movie clocks in at a relatively skinny 96 minutes , it seems to run long enough to engulf two titanics . writer/director edward burns has trotted out a hackneyed storyline , the trajectory of which will be instantly recognizable to anyone who hasn't spent their life in seclusion . instead of tweaking the formula a little to invigorate the proceedings , burns is content to allow the film to ramble aimlessly towards its irritatingly predictable conclusion , offering precious few momentary pleasures along the way . no looking back is dominated by three very dislikable characters whose constant presence on the screen is painful . the most appropriate ending would have been a triple suicide , and the sooner , the better . alas , that's not the case , and those who stick with this film for its entire length will be forced to endure the prolonged company of this wretched trio . and , to further depress audiences , burns has shot the entire film on cold , rainy days in a gray new york state beach town . peeks of sunshine are few and far between . no wonder the characters are all so miserable . first of all , we have charlie ( burns ) , a generation x slacker who abandoned his girlfriend three years ago after she had an abortion , then spent some time bumming around in california before deciding to come home . that girlfriend is claudia ( lauren holly ) , and , after picking up the pieces of her life following charlie's departure , she has moved on , shacking up with one of charlie's old school buddies , mike ( jon bon jovi ) . the two have a comfortable relationship , but it's apparent to even a blind person that they're not right for each other . claudia years for some spice in her life ; mike wants to settle down and have children . then charlie re-enters the mix . so who , if anyone , will claudia end up with ? who cares ? ? no looking back goes to extraordinary lengths to make sure that we're not especially interested in the outcome of the romantic triangle . so what if no one finds happiness -- these characters don't deserve it anyway , especially after wasting 90 minutes of our time . they aren't real people -- they're a writer's construct stumbling through a too-obvious storyline . they should know the ending as well as we do . and burns should have given his audience more credit and presented them with a plot that at least offered a surprise or two . another frustrating thing about no looking back is that burns has populated the film with a group of potentially-interesting supporting characters . blythe danner is solid as claudia's housebound mother , connie britton is suitably high-strung as claudia's neurotic sister , and jennifer esposito is eye-catching as a bartender in search of a little romance . sadly , all we get is quick glimpses into their lives , although a movie about any of them would have been far more intriguing than the story burns has chosen to tell . none of the lead performers are going to wow critics with their thespian attributes . edward burns is pushing the edge of his limited range here . jon bon jovi shows more acting ability than one might reasonably expect from a singer branching into a different career , but he could still use a little polish . the worst case is lauren holly , who presents a completely bland claudia . as portrayed here , she's hardly the kind of woman who would inspire even a moment's interest , not to mention undying love . burns' ex , the monumentally untalented maxine bahns , would have been hard-pressed to do a less inspired job . when he released the brothers mcmullen , edward burns was revered as the wunderkind of the 1995 sundance film festival ( robert redford has apparently stuck with him -- the aging actor/director executive produced this mess ) . two films and three short years later , the luster has faded . some movie makers have only one good film in them . with back- to-back duds like she's the one and no looking back to follow the delightful brothers , burns is beginning to look like a member of that undistinguished club . 
i feel sorry for the financial backers of " waterworld , " which is supposedly the most expensive film ever made ( at $172 million ! ) , and is also one of the stupidest - boy did they get ripped off ! in fact , this film is not really a movie , but more of an amusement park ride with a plot . it's not even just another case of cliches strung together ( well , it is that too ) , it's something that's painful to watch because it relishes in its flaws . kevin costner stars as a man who is some kind of mutant half man/half fish . he is an explorer/mariner on an alternate earth that is completely covered by water because the polar ice caps melted . he's referred to as the mariner , but they " the meaner " would have been a more appropriate title because he's cold , rigid , and strict - and he's supposed the be the good guy ! he docks at a small floating village of sorts . he trades dirt for money and this introduces us to the other important characters . first we meet one of the villains , then the soon-to-be heroine , a child prodigy , a wacky inventor , and a group of primitive people that somehow have some of the technology we have today , but also some of the low-tech tools used by pirates and vikings . immediately the film's biggest flaw is apparent : are these people primitive or highly advanced ? it doesn't seem like anyone can read yet they have ski-doos and airplanes ! how are these things powered ? and if they have airplanes , couldn't they just keep flying until they reached dry land ? also , if the planet is completely covered in water where did they get the materials to make these things ? i'm sorry , i'm all for checking your brain at the door when going to the movies , but elements like these cannot go unnoticed because they draw our attention away from the story and confuse us . there was potential here for a good pirate story set in medieval times before modern technology , so why mix the two together ? it doesn't make any sense . there really isn't much of a plot here because the story moves so quickly it never takes time to explain anything . the only thing we learn is that the prodigy child , enola ( mojorino ) , has a tattoo on her back that is supposedly a map to " dryland . " who put the tattoo there and how come it has taken them this long to figure this out ? we never get an answer , just a stupid action movie about whoever can get the girl will be the victor of sorts if they reach dryland . to make a long , boring , stupid , and just plain bad story short ; the mariner escapes with a woman named helen ( tripplehorn ) and enola . they sail for a long time , encountering some strange people in the process and fight off " the smokers " as lead by the idiot villain deacon ( hopper ) , who kidnaps enola . the story becomes a overly grand adventure with the mariner taking on an army of goons , rescuing enola , and bringing them all to salvation ( how original ) . even with all its special effects , action , and adventure this film is boring . not a single character is likable , therefore neither is the plot . dennis hopper completely rips off jack nicholson's joker , while costner just plain rips . still , " waterworld " is professionally made with a good production design and an original idea but no substance to it . i just hope they don't make a sequel ! 
lengthy and lousy are two words to describe the boring drama the english patient . great acting , music and cinematography were nice , but too many dull sub-plots and characters made the film hard to follow . ralph fiennes ( strange days , schindler's list ) gives a gripping performance as count laszlo almasy , a victim of amnesia and horrible burns after world war ii in italy . the story revolves around his past , in flashback form , making it even more confusing . anyway , he is taken in by hana ( juliette binoche , the horseman on the roof ) , a boring war-torn nurse . she was never really made into anything , until she met an indian towards the end , developing yet another sub-plot . count almasy begins to remember what happened to him as it is explained by a stranger ( willem dafoe , basquiat ) . his love ( kirstin scott thomas , mission impossible ) was severely injured in a plane crash , and eventually died in a cave . he returned to find her dead and was heart-broken . so he flew her dead body somewhere , but was shot down from the ground . don't get the wrong idea , it may sound good and the trailer may be tempting , but good is the last thing this film is . maybe if it were an hour less , it may have been tolerable , but 2 hours and 40 minutes of talking is too much to handle . the only redeeming qualities about this film are the fine acting of fiennes and dafoe and the beautiful desert cinematography . other than these , the english patient is full of worthless scenes of boredom and wastes entirely too much film . , 
how do films like mouse hunt get into theatres ? isn't there a law or something ? this diabolical load of claptrap from steven speilberg's dreamworks studio is hollywood family fare at its deadly worst . mouse hunt takes the bare threads of a plot and tries to prop it up with overacting and flat-out stupid slapstick that makes comedies like jingle all the way look decent by comparison . writer adam rifkin and director gore verbinski are the names chiefly responsible for this swill . the plot , for what its worth , concerns two brothers ( nathan lane and an appalling lee evens ) who inherit a poorly run string factory and a seemingly worthless house from their eccentric father . deciding to check out the long-abandoned house , they soon learn that it's worth a fortune and set about selling it in auction to the highest bidder . but battling them at every turn is a very smart mouse , happy with his run-down little abode and wanting it to stay that way . the story alternates between unfunny scenes of the brothers bickering over what to do with their inheritance and endless action sequences as the two take on their increasingly determined furry foe . whatever promise the film starts with soon deteriorates into boring dialogue , terrible overacting , and increasingly uninspired slapstick that becomes all sound and fury , signifying nothing . the script becomes so unspeakably bad that the best line poor lee evens can utter after another run in with the rodent is : " i hate that mouse " . oh cringe ! this is home alone all over again , and ten times worse . one touching scene early on is worth mentioning . we follow the mouse through a maze of walls and pipes until he arrives at his makeshift abode somewhere in a wall . he jumps into a tiny bed , pulls up a makeshift sheet and snuggles up to sleep , seemingly happy and just wanting to be left alone . it's a magical little moment in an otherwise soulless film . a message to speilberg : if you want dreamworks to be associated with some kind of artistic credibility , then either give all concerned in mouse hunt a swift kick up the arse or hire yourself some decent writers and directors . this kind of rubbish will just not do at all . 
even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar submarine comedy proves . down periscope stars kelsey " frasier " grammer as an inept navy captain who is given command of his own ship as part of a corrupt officer's ( james coburn ) plan to get him out of the navy . like any lame emsemble comedy , the officer assigns him to a group of misfits like the guy who wants to be kicked out , the fat guy who eats all the time , the beautiful woman who doesn't belong there ( lauren holly ) , the second-in-command who does everything by the book ( rob schneider ) , the crazy old guy who freaks everyone out ( harry dean stanton ) and so on . then comes the transparent plotline . first grammer has to fix up the delapidated korean war ship the navy has given him , and that comes courtesy a sad sight gag montage that includes a guy with a mop knocking schneider overboard . after the ship is fixed up come the early drills , where everyone seems completely inept , like the electrician who can't connect wires so instead lets the current run through himself every time grammer gets on the phone . finally , and this covers the final hour of the movie , grammer has to lead his men ( and holly ) to overcome the other ships in a wargames exercise . and he has to be a clever rebel to do it , in scenes that stretch all levels of believability . first they're singing " louie louie " like a bunch of drunk sailors to throw the radar of the other ship off , then thirty minutes later , they're making whale mating noises to throw the radar of the other ship off . the whole while , evil captain coburn is overacting underwater , cursing grammer ( as most people watching the movie probably are too ) . it's all predictable without any original humor to redeem it . the jokes are right out of " mchale's navy " and other cut-rate sitcoms of the past . there's one scene where schneider looks through the ship's pantry in disgust , holds one food can up and announces , " this expired in 1966 ! " i yelled back at the screen , " so did these jokes . " i watched this movie with the whole family and everyone hated it . my mom was so bored she brought out the coupon book midway through and , around the start of the second hour , i started writing my will . the blame can't really be placed on the stars , though . kelsey grammer is good in this , he just doesn't have anything to work with . his character is said to have gotten so drunk one night that he had " welcome aboard " tatooed on his penis . grammer probably did something even worse -- got really drunk and agreed to appear in a movie he knew nothing about . same for holley ( save the penis part ) , who is likeable in down periscope just because she's so gorgeous . as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship . my theory is that down periscope is one of those movies that got the green light before the script was even written as a formula comedy ( " okay , it's police academy in the navy with frasier at the helm and the chick from dumb and dumber . " ) and after everyone was signed on turned into a disaster . judging from the video box , most other movie critics agree with me . the only quote the down periscope copy writers could dig up came from the prevue channel's jim ferguson . i guess even jeff craig from " 60 second preview " ( who said tank girl " kicks butt ! " without ever seeing it ) didn't like this . 
pre-review note : seeing as the only concern of body shots is " sex " , i will be forced to refer to that particular act innumerable times throughout the duration of this review . because of this , i will try to vary word descriptions of " sex " ( meaning if you are offended by pejorative terms , and \ or your name is jerry falwell , you are kindly invited to hit the x up on the left corner of your screen ) , so if there happens to be a word you come across and cannot comprehend , fret not , it's most likely just another way of referring to " sex " . i think we'd all agree that any word used incessantly becomes a bit monotonous so i hope you appreciate my attempt to liven up what could potentially be a very boring review . though not as boring as the movie which makes steve forbes flat tax plan seem as lively as watching a naked mathew mconaughy play the bongos while high on god knows what . body shots is a film so frightened of coitus that scenes of copulation are filmed ominously , in the way you'd normally expect to see a violent attack . it's about people who think about screwing , seek it out , and talk about it . these are things we all do , sometimes . the characters in this film spend every waking moment pondering the simplicities of sexual acts . their lives center around the next sexual encounter , but they seemed depressed . it's as if fucking is all they have to look forward to after a busy workweek . at its core body shots is a message movie , the kind of thing i could picture really progressive church groups showing to middle schoolers in order to turn them off coition . michael cristoffer ( who directed gia , another film that treated bumping uglies as if it where evil ) is a moralist with nothing new to say . his characters don't communicate anything of interest to each other , so cristoffer gives them an opportunity to let out their inner thoughts by speaking directly into the camera . they voice simplistic platitudes like " i like to come " or " sex without love equals violence " . huh ? and yes that is as complex as this movie's observations get . the characters are stupid and shallow , with not one registering as anything more . the plot concerns vapid over sexed twentysomethings on an all night hunt for carnal pleasure , then the after math ( the morning after ) of such events . we meet the characters as they speak directly to us , confiding in us with their idiotic ruminations on intimacy . i would normally go into the characters and the actors who play them , giving you the pros and cons , but for this film i cannot . i'm not trying to be clever or witty , but i honestly hardly remember anything that would set them apart from the others . with the exception of trent ( played by ron livingston as a bargain basement patrick bateman ) , the rest fade into each other-- a patchwork of fake breasts , defined abs , pearly white teeth , and creamy , flawless skin . i vaguely recall brad rowe as the sensitive one , only because his character gets the worst lines ( " sex without love equals violence " ) . in between all the confessionals , cristoffer films everything like a headache commercial , with blurry slo mos and dramatic head turning . the fact that this director at one point won a pulitzer prize completely baffles me . this film is made without one iota of intelligence or insight into the generation that its tag line claims to be defining . if body shots is meant to say that all twentysometyhings are idiotic and f * * k-obsessed , fine , i don't have any problem with a film that tries to persuade me to think a certain way , but cristoffer only gives us one side . additionally that one side isn't even entertaining ; the characters indulge in buggery without an ounce of sexiness . or realism . one sexual encounter takes place outside a club on a chain link fence between the two most sensitive characters . they suddenly have vigorous intercourse with each other for no apparent reason ( other than that they both happen to be standing next to each other ? ? ? alas , if it could only be that easy ? ? ? kidding of course ) , then , not only isn't it erotic , it isn't real . it doesn't feel like an authentic sexual encounter . every f * * k scene in this film ( and there are many ) is treated in the same unsexy manner . body shots makes fornication dirtier than the most scummy porno film . it shows us none of the pleasure that should go along with it , and most of all , it fails to show us why its characters love making it so much if they seem to hate the act of actually doing it . the resulting search for nookie ( and you can take that cookie ? ? ? ) over one night leaves us with several tedious plot lines to follow . the main concern is much ado over a rape that may or may not have occurred . the film shows us two separate versions of the possible rape ( one where it is consensual the other where it is not ) and in both versions the young actress playing the possible victim gets her shirt torn off . this is a topic that could be interestingly explored if done intelligently , and if memory serves me i can't think of one film that has done so , and yes i saw the accused which may be one of the most overrated movies of the 80's next to wall street . unfortunately nobody gives us reason to care , not the writer , the director or the actors nearly all of whom seem to have wandered off the set of a noxious 90210 spin off . paul thomas anderson approached boogie nights in a manner similar to what cristoffer does here , though boogie nights succeeded . it was similarly moralistic , but it gave us two different viewpoints ; it showed us how the lifestyle of porn enticed its characters , and it showed us the possible fall-out of such a decision . the characters in boogie nights were as idiotic as the characters are here , but anderson seemed to care about them . he gave them heart . cristoffer gives them nothing but raging hormones . he preaches to us , by using his characters to preach to us . this is not the way to get any message across . why not just direct a public service announcement on the perils of hittin' skins ? cristofer kind of does that , though without an ounce of insight , and with a helping of leering exploitation . 
from a major league baseball radio broadcast , featuring play-by- play man harry canary and color man whitey hashbrown , with special guest commentator james berardinelli . hc : as we go to the top of the 8th , we're joined in the booth by film critic james berardinelli , who's here fresh from seeing the new baseball movie , major league : back to the minors , the third in the popular saga taking a lighter look at the majors . nice to see you , jim . as a big baseball fan and a movie reviewer , can you give us the scoop on the new flick ? jb : my opinion : the producers should have stopped while they were ahead , and that was nine years ago . one entry was definitely enough , and i'm surprised there was a third after the anemic showing and low quality of major league 2 . this latest installment has all the earmarks of something that should have been released direct-to-video . it's worse than a mediocre made-for-tv feature . i should also mention that this movie likely won't play all that well in cleveland . now that the real indians are perennial contenders , they have been replaced by the minnesota twins as the cinematic sadsacks . actually , most of the action involves the twins' aaa minor league club , the buzz , rather than the actual major league franchise . hc : sorry to interrupt , jim , but we still have to do play-by-play for the game on the field . leading off this inning is john warren . he steps into the batter's box and takes kent's pitch low for ball one . wh : so , the story's strictly minor league , right ? what's it about ? jb : scott bakula , the guy from quantum leap , plays career minor league pitcher gus cantrell . when twins owner roger dorn , once again portrayed by corbin bernsen , needs a new manager for his aaa team , he offers the job to gus , who is now faced with two daunting tasks : turn the team around and groom hot prospect downtown anderson ( played by walt goggins ) for a promotion to " the show . " with the help of former major leaguers pedro cerrano ( dennis haysbert ) , rube baker ( eric bruskotter ) , and isuro tanaka ( takaaki ishibashi ) , gus gets the buzz on the right track . in fact , he is so successful that he earns the enmity of the jealous manager of the big-league club , leonard huff ( played with over-the-top relish by ted mcginley ) . soon , dorn has arranged an exhibition game that pits gus' overachieving group against huff's overpaid , last-place bunch . wh : can we guess who wins ? jb : the results have all the suspense of watching the videotape of a game when you've already seen the box score . on top of that , none of the mock-ups are presented with much flair . they're not just boring ; they're lackluster . but the major league movies have never been about drama or tension ; they've been about using baseball situations to generate laughs . hc : warren fouls off a fastball . 1 and 1 . wh : are there lots of yuks in this one ? jb : not one , from start to finish . i enjoyed the first major league because it was reasonably fresh and funny . okay , a lot of the jokes were sophomoric , but they made me laugh . the two sequels haven't just been stale , but their humor quotient has been abysmally low . even bob uecker's once-sharp one-liners have turned lame , and they're the closest the film comes to being even vaguely amusing . hc : here's the 1-1 pitch . looooooong drive ? fair or foul ? foul ball ! the count goes to 1 and 2 . wh : does the film at least get the baseball details correct ? jb : yes . there aren't any glaring errors like there were in one of the best-ever baseball movies , the natural . but i'd gladly trade a technically accurate film for one with a good story , believable characters , or even a little genuine humor . heck , the naked gun is a better baseball comedy than major league : back to the minors . wh : it's nice to see old friends one more time , isn't it ? like cerrano , tanaka , and dorn . jb : depends on whether you really care that anyone is back . there aren't any real characters here ? just an assortment of cliched oddballs . yeah , the voodoo hitter , the catcher who can't throw back to the pitcher , the japanese player , and the conceited player-turned-owner have all returned , but who really cares ? they have no depth . notable absences include tom berenger's veteran and charlie sheen's " wild thing . " we don't really miss them , though . hc : breaking ball , low and outside . 2 and 2 . wh : so you're saying that we should give this one a miss ? jb : that's right . to use baseball terminology , it's a three-pitch strikeout . if you're looking for a good movie that involves baseball , try popping the natural , field of dreams , bull durham , or even the first major league into the vcr . actually , this is an oddly-timed release , since baseball fans are likely to be spending more time in parks than in theaters . even the minor league seasons are already underway . don't bother with major league : back to the minors . it's a wretched time- waster . wh : thanks for the advice . jb : you're welcome . hc : and here's the 2-2 pitch . fouled back , right into this booth . hey , jim , heads up ! oops . somebody better get him some ice for that . he may be good at deflecting bad baseball movies , but he needs to learn not to duck into foul balls . odd how warren seemed to aim that ball right at him , almost as if he has a grudge to settle . anyway , back to the action on the field ? 
" the red violin " is a cold , sterile feature that leaves you uninvolved and detached . it's a movie that seems almost clinical , as it traces the 300-plus-years history of the legendary musical instrument of the title . opening in the 17th century , the story shows how violin-maker nicolo bussotti created the instrument as a gift for his unborn son . but when tragedy strikes , the violin becomes the personification of its maker's grief . from there the violin comes into the hands of an orphaned child prodigy at an austrian monastery . again , tragedy strikes as the child is struck down at the moment of his triumph . we follow the violin through the centuries as it finds a home in england and in mao's communist china before being discovered by expert charles morritz ( samuel l . jackson ) , who mounts a painstaking investigation to prove its authenticity . the violin becomes morritz's obsession , just as it is for all those who converge on a montreal auction house to bid on it . morritz , however , is the only one who knows the secret of the instrument and can understand and appreciate its creator's intention . " the red violin " could have been a touching , inspirational story , as soaring as a beethoven symphony . however director francois girard fails to make any emotional connection with the viewer . here is a story that could have made use of various camera angles and lighting to heighten its impact . girard , for some unknown reason , uses mostly master shots , keeping his camera - and thus us - at a distance . we get no feel for the miracle that is the violin . it's resonance , its purity of sound are not emphasized enough to make an impression . nor are any of the performances memorable . it's as if girard wanted all his actors to play second fiddle to his violin . " the red violin " promises much , but delivers little . it is dull at times , a bit pretentious and a might murky . the movie's music soars over its story and performers . and that is its only saving grace . 
the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " . so i didn't expect too much from this . but i had preserved a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre . i thought : liam neeson , cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont . i thought , mabe it will be fun ? and in fact the beginning was rather intriguing . but by the end of it i thought : why liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones , jan de bont ? . these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . here is the story : in the monstrously over-decorated mansion known as hill house , visitors are tricked by an unknown doctor ( liam neeson ) into being guinea pigs in a fright experiment under the guise of an insomnia investigation . among them is a sophisticated bisexual ( cathrine zeta jones ) , a cynical dope ( owen wilson ) and a gentle and emotional lady ( lily taylor ) . actually , the doctor is researching the " primordial fear reaction " and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and watch ! what happens . but he gets unexpected help from the house itself . it rumbles , hums and belches forth remarkable sights . portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs . a fireplace guarded by stone lions gapes like a sinister mouth . filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy curtains . but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen . the second half of the film is basically about the main heroine running back and forth from the sinister lamps and evil furniture . is that exciting or what ? the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad . it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson . a 1963 adaptation of the book was scary and intelligent . it played with the greatest fears of our sub conscience . " the blair witch project " , that cost less than an old car , managed to shock and terrify the audiences from their senses . and with a $70 mill . budget , de bont and screenwriter david self make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of terror . de ! bont has a style of filmmaking so out of line with the material that it is , in itself , frightening . he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush . but why give him a more serious material ? in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont's career as a director . yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad . the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky . but this is where the good things end . the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life . it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage . at first you do not know what's going on . is this part of the experiment ? are these hallucinations ? projections of the subconscience ? paranoia ? but in the end it shows out that this is actually happening . the house is actually possessed . it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ? i believe hichock once said that " it's ! better to wait for a climax , than to see one " . this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . they are impossible to take seriously . any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless . " shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality . " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " . 
in china in 1982 i turned the tables on our national guide and asked him if he had any questions about america . i guess i was expecting some sort of political question . instead , i was dumfounded by what was most on his mind . " in america , do wives and their mothers-in-law get along well ? " he assured me in china that they did , but i am certain if that were true he would not have asked . even in china people seem to have problems relating to in- laws . perhaps some of life's most difficult relationships arise when families are suddenly artificially joined by marriage . a man trying to relate to his new prospective in-laws and vice-versa could be the basis of a very strong comedy . meet the parents does not demonstrate that fact , however . greg focker ( played by ben stiller ) has been dating and in love with pam byrnes ( teri polo ) for ten months and is now ready to propose to her . he will do it during a weekend visit to meet debbie's family and to attend her sister's wedding . from the beginning the relationship is awkward between greg and jack and dina byrnes ( robert deniro and blythe danner ) . through no fault of his own , the airline has lost greg's luggage . and he has to ask to borrow clothing . it is the beginning of a game of one-upmanship in which greg is nearly always one-down . as the games go on greg is more and more uncomfortable and uneasy which only contributes to the mistakes he makes . greg is playing a game he does not understand , in a league he is new to . but perhaps along the way he will discover some unexpected secrets about his father-in-law . this film had potential in its tale of one-upmanship . it has hit on a situation that many in the audience may find familiar--one that has not been done overly frequently in films . but the script by jim herzfeld and john hamburg is a little too contrived . too many coincidences in the story work against greg . the script could not decide if the main character was incompetent or simply unlucky . certainly he does not help his situation by doing everything wrong he possibly could , but even when he is trying to do the right things nature conspires against him . there is an uneven mix of slapstick sequences and human comedy . certainly the last part of the film feels awkwardly written . the main reason to see meet the parents is to see robert deniro's performance . deniro plays the suspicious and not a little fascistic father as tightly wound and threatening as he can . the little judgmental expressions on his face are a show in themselves as greg digs himself deeper and deeper into his insecurities . but we do not really see much of that digging . ben stiller is an affable presence in the film but is not really stretching himself by playing the role as the nebbish to whom so many bad things happen . it is nice to see blythe danner again on the screen . but her character has a basic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to do with that . randy newman has written a playful score . in the first few seconds of the film it does something creative i have never heard a film score do before . there is a lot of source music that is popular music of the 1960s . presumably that is what the upper class listens to at least in somebody's imagination . humor is subjective and some this film has been getting some favorable comment . but this is a comedy that works only occasionally for me . i would have to rate it 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
deceiver is a plot twist in search of a movie . this overly constructed film succeeds in having many surprises , and , being true to its title , being deceptive . but there is little in the film that is worthy of deceit . braxton ( chris penn ) and kennesaw ( michael rooker ) are two cops investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute ( renee zellweger ) . their lone suspect is wayland ( tim roth ) , a wealthy young man whose phone number was found in the hooker's pocket . however , a routine lie detector test turns against the investigators , as the crafty wayland somehow turns the tables . braxton and kennesaw are forced to confront their own troubled lives . braxton is a gambling addict in deep to mook ( ellen burstyn ) , a local bookie . kennesaw is bitter about his marriage to a socialite ( rosanna arquette ) , believing his wife to be unfaithful . the plot is twisty and complex , with lots of lengthy flashbacks , and plenty of surprises . however , there are times when it is needlessly complex , and at least one instance the storytelling turns so muddled that the answers to important plot points actually get lost . take a look at l . a . confidential , or the film's more likely inspiration , the usual suspects for how a complex plot can properly be handled . the dialogue in deceiver is as overcrafted as the plot . for example , the film tells a few substories ( such as the tale of a woeful absinthe bender , or an alternative telling of how van gogh lost his ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabricated and unbelievable . there's never the sense that these are real characters engaging in conversation . they appear to be nothing more than words on a screenplay . the characters , themselves , are rather pathetic and despicable . not one of them is an ounce sympathetic , and as a result , the labyrinthine plot is all for naught . what does it matter who is guilty of what and why ? writer-directors josh and jonas pate seem to desire to emulate the coen brothers' masterwork blood simple , or the wachowski brothers' less worthy bound . but , while they have got the plot twists down cold , they need to work on characterization and dialogue . 
several days after having seen this movie , i'm still trying to determine what director christopher guest , a man whose sense of humor i usually appreciate , found funny in either the concept or the execution of almost heroes . this is a dreadful motion picture ? a lowbrow example of period piece comedy with terrible production values and an exceptionally poor laughs-to-jokes ratio . there's a kind of desperation in the movie's approach to humor that reveals the film makers' uncertainty about how entertaining the material is ; the manic style betrays itself as a last-ditch attempt to hide the flaws of a failed script . the premise doesn't sound especially amusing to begin with ? almost heroes tells the tale of two explorers , the effeminate leslie edwards ( matthew perry ) and the uncouth bartholomew hunt ( chris farley ) , who are racing lewis and clark on the trip to the american northwest . edwards and hunt are accompanied by the kinds of weirdoes we find in road movies ( albeit of the early-19th century variety ) , including a frenchman named guy fontenot who claims to speak hundreds of languages ( none of which prove to be useful ) , a pretty indian maiden who turns into the obligatory love interest , and a bizarre man who suffers a series of debilitating injuries . along the way , the intrepid explorers encounter bears , bald eagles , aging native american warriors , and a conquistador named hildago ( kevin dunn ) who raves about his beautiful hair . the explorers' trek takes them through forests , across the snow-capped rocky mountains , and over a waterfall . this setup leads to a lot of shouting , a great deal of lunacy , and very few laughs . farley engages in his usual shtick of falling down and bellowing , but , aside from an momentarily diverting confrontation with an eagle , his heart doesn't seem to be in it . matthew perry , one of the stars of tv's friends ( who had some modest success in the romantic comedy , fools rush in ) is badly miscast . as a foil for farley and an antidote to his runaway energy , perry lacks the necessary edge of the proverbial straight man . i'm not a big fan of david spade , and i didn't like tommy boy , but at least he and farley worked well together . as far as the supporting players go , none of them makes more than a fleeting impression . eugene levy is wasted , and kevin dunn is about as interesting here as he is in godzilla . frankly , it's a disappointment to see something this dumb and ugly come from christopher guest , the brilliant comic force behind such films as this is spinal tap , the big picture , and waiting for guffman . although guest gets the costumes right , this nearly-inconsequential success is no substitute for the weak script and unfunny execution . the special effects , such as they are , are execrable . for an example of some really poor blue screen work , look at the scenes where the characters are shooting the rapids ( they're obviously getting buckets of water thrown on them ) and where farley is being carried off by an eagle . even though farley didn't have the most stellar of acting careers , he doesn't deserve the kind of unfortunate epitaph offered by almost heroes . while some of the more outrageous attempts at humor may coax a few guffaws from 12-year old boys , the level of comedy in almost heroes falls far below the level of sophomoric . farley fans who see this film as a way to say goodbye should be commended for their loyalty , since it takes real stamina to stay seated for the full running length of this cinematic torture session . 
synopsis : a small town thug convinces a dimwitted high-school student to spy on his girlfriend , who is babysitting three unruly kids for their alcoholic parents on a friday night . while this is going on , the thug , the father , the boyfriend , and a kid reaching the onset of puberty all have fantasies about the babysitter . comments : to say this movie is bad would be quite an understatement . i'm not sure what writer and director ferland was hoping to accomplish with the babysitter . suspense ? family drama ? humor ? erotica ? elements of each of these genres exist in the film , yet it fails to successfully achieve any of them . instead , the babysitter is a dull , lifeless movie which manages to bore and ultimately irritate its viewers . i suppose this film could have been watchable if it weren't for the fact that the characters are universally unappealing . alicia silverstone is completely wasted playing jennifer , the babysitter . her character has absolutely no depth at all , and her sole purpose in the movie is to be the object of the other characters' fantasies . everyone else in the film seems to be in a competition to see who can stoop to the lowest level by the time the film ends . the parents are alcoholics who become increasingly obnoxious as the movie proceeds . the father ( played by j . t . walsh ) fantasizes about the babysitter ; the mother fantasizes about her husband's best friend . none of these fantasy sequences , trust me , are things that need to be seen , but we see them anyway , complete with cheesy , make-out saxophone music . the thug , in the meantime , proves that he's evil through his annoying habit of smashing half-empty beer bottles all of a sudden and for no apparent reason . the most absurd character , however , is the babysitter's boyfriend who seems catatonically brain-dead . the thug , in a manipulative , iago-like manner ( though he doesn't really need to try hard ) , manages to talk the boyfriend into binge-drinking , smoking grass , running away from cops , and playing peeping tom on his own girlfriend in a matter of minutes . incredible ! ( of course , the boyfriend's original plan for the evening was , try not to laugh , to sit in an empty diner and read catcher in the rye by j . d . salinger . ) if the goal of the babysitter was to be suspenseful , then it fails . there are surprisingly few tense moments in this film , and nearly all of them come at the final minute . by that time , however , the audience is so tired of the inane characters that no one truthfully cares what happens to any of them . no suspense occurs in the dream sequences either because every single one of them is obviously a dream sequence from its inception . if the goal of the babysitter was to be humorous , then it also fails . i found nothing even remotely funny about the boozing parents who seemed , at times , to be played for laughs . if the goal of the babysitter was to be dramatic , then , once again , it fails . the characters are one-dimensional and uninteresting . finally , if the goal of the babysitter was to be titillating ( the type of film destined to be played ad infinitum on hbo at 2 in the morning ) , then it fails as well . the dream sequences aren't erotic ; they are too brief and , outside of one very short scene , contain no nudity . i can't completely trash this movie . the first 10 minutes or so vaguely resemble an interesting film , and the conclusion sports a halfway decent fistfight . the other 79 minutes , though , are a drag . silverstone's character , at the end of the movie , turns to her boyfriend and asks " what were you thinking ? " i asked myself the same question , having spent 99 cents renting this turkey . 
one of the most respected names in american independent filmmaking is john sayles . he has built a strong reputation with films like matewan and the secret of roan inish , and one of his best was his last film , lone star . after sayles gave us this complex and unconventional look at ethnic tensions on the us-mexico border , expectation ran high for his next film . unfortunately , his men with guns is not the film anyone was hoping for . we are essentially told in the first reel where the film is going to go and what it is going to do . then the film does exactly what it promised , a painful as that is . the plot of men with guns can be summarized " in a central or south american country things are really bad for everybody in the mountains where the army clashes with the guerrillas . dr . fuentes did not believe how bad things were so he went . and he found out again and again and again . " of course it is perfectly true that in many places in that region armed conflicts have turned life into a living hell . a guerrilla war is always bad for civilians . but the film talks down to the viewer . dr . fuentes ( played by federico luppi ) teaches medicine in the capital city of his country . he has , as a great humanitarian gesture , trained and inspired some of his best students to go into the mountains and make the world a little better for the poor indios . fuentes believe the students to be up there doing humanitarian service . then he discovers one of his best students has instead returned to the city and runs a squalid private pharmacy . in shame and disappointment fuentes asks the student what has happened to the others . the student tells him the others are still in the mountains , but suggests that it may not be a good place to be . fuentes goes off to find and visit the doctors , ignoring the advice of his family and a patient who happens to be an army general . the results are little different than one would expect . dr . fuentes starts out incredibly naive . even some american tourists , present in the film mostly for comic relief , seem to know better than dr . fuentes that things have gotten pretty bad in the mountains . but fuentes has to go from one scene of barbarity to another and discover how wrong he was . sayles certainly could have used 126 minute of screen time to tell us something more profound than that nasty things are happening down there and most of the worst happens to the unarmed civilians . the cast is mostly unknowns to american audiences . federico luppi is the good mexican actor who played the antique dealer torn by mysterious forces in cronos . damian delgado makes a late appearance as an army deserter . mandy patinkin has a small role made to look bigger in the trailer . 
the general's daughter is a heartless , absurd film , a movie so hopelessly dedicated to its inane plot that it forgets entirely about its own characters . director simon west treats issues like rape and sexual fetish with ham-handed obscenity , creating a film that banks almost entirely on exploitation and offensive pseudo-depth . what's worse is that the movie is haphazardly glued together by two characters who are neither interesting nor sympathetic -- the ridiculous story requires them to do unbelievable things in the interest of reaching a dark conclusion in a sudden rain storm . john travolta finds himself in the middle of the mess , playing warrant officer paul brenner ; brenner is assigned to find the murderer and rape of captain elizabeth campbell ( leslie stefanson ) , daughter of general joe campbell ( james cromwell ) . brenner is teamed up with ex-spouse sarah sunderland ( madeline stowe ) , and they check out all the suspects on the base , including elizabeth's mentor , colonel moore ( james woods ) . soon , it becomes apparent that elizabeth was into kinky sexual stuff , but the question comes down to why -- and , of course , who . ebert's law of the economy of characters can be applied here ; one interesting thing i noted is that not only are all the characters suspects at some point ( including the two protagonists ) , but almost all of them end up directly intertwined with the story . perhaps i should have issued a spoiler alert before mentioning that , but it's painfully obvious from the beginning that everyone in the film is hiding something . on a story level , the general's daughter is ineptly constructed . the film , adapted by christopher bertolini and william goldman from nelson demille's novel ( which was apparently based on a true story ) , plods along to its conclusion , filling in the blanks with stale , unrealistic dialogue and " shocking " plot developments . having not read the novel , it's difficult to determine if these problems are the fault of the adapters or the original author , but i suppose they all are guilty to some degree . scene after scene stumbles with pointless insincerity ; minutes after finding the dead young woman , brenner and sunderland engage in sarcastic dialogue , which includes endless strings of forced lines . ( sunderland actually asks brenner , " why was she killed ? " to which i would have answered , " if i knew , then the movie would already be over . " ) only after we've spent twenty minutes or so with these characters do we learn that they have a sordid history together ; this angle , though apparently present to develop their characters , is never explored . not that it really matters , since the characters consistently do ludicrous things for no other reason than to drive the plot . in one scene , sunderland is attacked by a man in a mask . she sees one of his rings , and she and brenner find the man later that day based on the ring . instead of questioning him like as they would a real suspect , they take him to brenner's houseboat , beat him up , and pour hot coffee in his lap . this scene really pushed me over the edge , not because it's gratuitous and mean-spirited , but because it illustrates the film's complete disregard for the characters and the audience . it was impossible for me to feel anything for these people beyond this scene , mostly because nothing they do comes as a surprise . i realized that these constructs on screen aren't actually characters , but devices present only to serve the story . this would have been bad enough without the west's need to hose his movie down in tasteless images of rape and sexual misconduct . compelling films about sexual crimes don't spend a lot of time on rape flashbacks , and they certainly don't show as much skin and sweat as a typical pornographic picture . these scenes are not the least bit powerful ; on the contrary , they're intended simply to provide the audience with the necessary resentment for the villain , whomever that may turn out to be . in addition , the movie treats sexual fetishes -- and sadomasochism in particular -- as if it's a perversion of everything we know to be pure . this standpoint is certainly allowed , but only in accompaniment with well-developed themes to back it up . as it is , the film forgets that a lot of people have sexual fetishes , and that putting on a pair of handcuffs does not make a person insane . perhaps the only positive elements in the general's daughter are a couple of the performances . james woods has a few terrific scenes , and plays his role with sharp , witty subtlety . i also liked james cromwell , mostly because he comes across as slightly sympathetic despite the obvious intent of west to make him villainous . nonetheless , these performances are undermined entirely by the dreary , obligatory atmosphere and the senseless neglect of characterization . the general's daughter is the worst kind of hollywood film -- it pretends to have a soul , to be of strict moral code , when in fact it has nothing more than a group of cardboard cut-outs force-feeding the audience a toxic landfill of plot contrivances and one-sided moral judgments . 
i have a confession . even though i am a movie junkie-i saw eye of the beholder and yet i still watch movies-i've never seen any of the original godzillas . ( note that godzilla 2000 is not a sequel to the u . s . godzilla released in 1998 ; it's the american release of a 1999 godzilla flick called gojira ni-sen mireniamu . ) so , part of me was excited as i drove to the local multiplex to see godzilla 2000-the latest entry in an almost 50-year old franchise . this was a long-awaited treat . i was expecting a goofy good time , complete with bad dubbing , science fair level sets and a ludicrous plot line . the last thing i expected was for the movie to be so ? boring . i can only imagine what the theatre full of kids i saw this with felt . you do get all of the " so bad they're good " traits so normally associated with the franchise . but you have to sit through a snoozer plot that has the organization of a rorschach blot . it's a deal i wasn't willing to accept . hiroshi kashiwabara and waturu mimura's script crams in way too many details , and in many cases , fails to follow up on them . the maneuver is not only disconcerting , but gives the movie a permanent logy , weighty feel . godzilla starts off destroying power plants and then just stops . was it a whim ? a bold political statement ? i don't know . its foe , an ancient meteor that looks like prudential's logo , doesn't just fight the beast from the far east . no , it's got to have life-saving powers , a plot to erase " the data " from japan , a desire to clone and the ability to become a spaceship and then some kind of tentacled space creature . there's a battle between the head of the godzilla prediction unit ( takehiro murata ) and a slimy government official ( hiroshi abe ) over the handling of godzilla , and personal issues . and then there's the plucky news photographer and blah , blah , blah . it's like watching magnolia all over again-except without the good writing , keen sociological insight and aimee mann songs . what a waste . when the talking and the plot points stop hurtling at you , godzilla 2000 does the job-it's entertaining and goes down easy . the action scenes are cheesy in their grandeur though a little sluggish . the dubbing is nice and awful , with murata sounding like he's in constant need of a cough drop . as for the dialogue , one line summarizes the goofiness factor : " did anyone see that flying rock go by ? " this movie also marked the first time since the three stooges that i've heard the word " imbecile " used in casual conversation . though the summer movie season is drying up and godzilla 2000 has its moments , i wouldn't take kids to see it . they'll probably end up asking more questions than charlie rose . 
it's actually not so bad that dreamworks decided to release the love letter at about the same time as star wars episode i : the phantom menace , because this way less people will have to sit through this dreadful little comedy . and no , i really don't feel guilty about wishing this movie death at the box-office . really , i don't . not at all . the plot has been done before -- a mysterious , unaddressed love letter shows up in a small town , causing confusion for everyone who reads it . the center of the ensuing disaster is bookstore owner helen ( kate capshaw , and by the way , what is it with bookstore owner main characters ? in the past year and a half we've seen them in life is beautiful , you've got mail , this movie , and the upcoming notting hill ) , who finds the letter in between couch cushions in the bookstore . she immediately starts testing other people to see who it might be from , and comes to the ( incorrect ) conclusion that the author of the note is a young employee played by tom everett scott . he , reading the letter himself , assumes that she wrote it for him . after a while , they fall in love ( well , duh ) . kate feels guilty about getting in a relationship with someone more than twenty years younger than her , and she also feels guilty because at the same time she is also involved with the town fireman ( tom selleck ) . to add to her turmoil , her mother shows up ( blythe danner , who apparently must have had her daughter when she was about 9 ) and her trusted bookstore manager ( deadpan ellen degeneres ) quits . supporting characters aren't called supporting for nothing . their purpose isn't just to move the plot along , they're also supposed to give the storyline a backbone . to do this , they must exhibit at least marginal depth and must also be interesting . rarely can a movie work if it puts an interesting protagonist in the middle and surrounds her with hackneyed , dull , cardboard secondary characters , especially when at the core of the movie is the protagonist's various interactions with them . this is the love letter's damning error . capshaw's character is as good as i have seen present in recent romantic comedies , but the people that surround her are all either underwritten or purely one-dimensional . because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere . even worse -- it's a bore . i liked capshaw and her helen , but everyone else is painfully fake , undermining the little drama or sexual tension that has the potential to exist . there is nothing particularly hilarious about all this either -- and besides degeneres' wisecracks , there's little that is even a little amusing . this is not a completely thoughtless film and director peter ho-sun chan does a good job of portraying helen's yearnings and various subtle complexities . but it's far from profound . there isn't a common theme running through the proceedings , thus the movie seems thoughtfully pointless . really , this is a harmless little movie ; it's far from an abomination and it's not torturous to sit through . but bad , it is . awful , it also is . the love letter is a failure , and an inane failure at that . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; 
" holy man " boasts a sweet , gentle , comic performance from an unusually subdued eddie murphy and a few moderately funny skits . unfortunately , to get to the good stuff you have to sit through a painfully long set-up , loads of tedious filler , interminable shots of jeff goldblum stammering and twitching , a superfluous romantic subplot and quite possibly the most annoying performance of robert loggia's career . if ever a movie screamed " wait for video so you can fast-forward through all the dull and annoying parts , " this is it . eddie murphy plays g , a robed nomadic pilgrim wandering the land enjoying the moment and spreading his spiritual message . a chance meeting with ricky hayman ( goldblum ) , a stressed-out executive of a home-shopping channel , and kate newell ( kelly preston ) , a no-nonsense media analyst , results in physical injury to g . quicker than you can say " the odd couple , " g ends up rooming with an extremely leery ricky . after some script gymnastics , g appears live on the air at the good buy shopping network , wreaking havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations , enraging network owner mr . mcbainbridge ( loggia ) , and becoming a national media sensation . " holy man " attempts to be several things at once . it tries to satirize home shopping networks , but it's difficult to effectively make fun of something that is already a self-parody . the film attempts to teach us that collecting material possessions is merely a futile attempt to fill the spiritual holes in our hearts , but that's common knowledge already . " holy man " also tries to present a story of redemption , as ricky hayman tries to decide whether to exploit g's good will to achieve financial security or do the right thing at the expense of his career . anyone want to place a wager on his final decision ? the one genuine asset in " holy man " is eddie murphy , who gives a charming performance , sharing love , good will and relevant advice to all those around him , while beaming his million dollar smile at just the right moments . murphy is delightful and the film takes off whenever he's onscreen . unfortunately , he's not onscreen enough . jeff goldblum gets the lion's share of screen time and his tired storyline weighs the proceedings down . as his potential love interest , kelly preston tries to brighten things up , but she transforms from an all-business media shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change reeks of contrivance . the other principal actor , robert loggia , wastes his talents in a one-note turn as a ruthless , screaming monster . structurally unsound and way too long , " holy man " is appealing when murphy is onscreen and dull when he isn't . instead of dropping your money at the theater for this trifle , wait until it hits video and fast-forward past everything except the murphy scenes . g suggests that we focus on enjoying the moment and that's the best way to do so . 
after enduring mariah carey's film debut , glitter , i'm reminded of a bit from chris rock's bigger and blacker . in response to women saying that they can raise a child without a man , rock says , " you can drive a car with your feet , but that don't mean it should be done . " to that i say , you can give mariah carey a movie , but that certainly don't mean it should be done . sure , there are plenty of pop star film vehicles out there -- from the beatles' a hard day's night to the spice girls' spice world -- but none have been so vapidly pointless or laughable as glitter . everything about this complete tripe is ludicrous . start off with the story , which -- as gruesomely predictable as it is -- is the least offensive part of the movie . the film is inexplicably set in the 80s , a period piece that really shows no sign of its period except for a few chicks in leg warmers . worse yet , everyone's speaking late 90s hip-hop slang in what should be 1983 . meant to be partially autobiographical , carey plays billie frank , a young singer in new york who struggles to overcome a rough childhood and abandonment by her alcoholic mother . influential club dj julian dice , a . k . a . " lucky 7 " ( max beesley playing a bad mix of puff daddy and robert de niro ) , hears her sing on a track , and decides to make her a star . in predictably rapid succession , billie and dice fall for each other , she starts hitting it big , dice gets jealous and starts acting like an ass , and suddenly billie's on " the roller coaster of superstardom . " in the meantime , billie is on an emotional hunt for her missing mom . i won't give away the ending , but -- honestly -- just think of unicorns and rainbows . . . you'll figure it out . the movie screams to be made with camp , and that could've been fun . but the filmmakers thought making the bulk of glitter weepy and dramatic would be better . what a mistake . the brief attempts at comic relief -- as in a scene where an effeminate russian-sounding director gets wacky with filming billie's first music video -- go over like lead balloons . instead , the audience at my screening tended to laugh loudest during mariah's most dramatic scenes . which brings us to the performances , of which there's nothing good that can be said . mariah is primarily seen with a wide-eyed deer-in-the-headlights look frozen on her face . she actually looks scared during her one love scene . but you have to wonder if the writing isn't even worse . so much of the dialogue is so hackneyed and watered down for carey's virginal target audience that it's probably impossible for any actor to pull it off with aplomb . even the characters couldn't have been written more absurdly . they're all members of a barbie playset : the important film director who swoons , " billie , i'd love to put you in a movie i'm making , " and the big-time record executive who takes billie's demo tape and says , " oh , i'll make sure the whole team listens to it in the morning . " everyone in the film is a device , and it's painful to keep watching just to see another one appear . to say more would be a waste . there's so much wrong with this film . and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she's likely to get . but , then again , i had to suffer through her movie . 
in " twilight , " a ex-alcoholic , ex-cop , ex-husband , ex-private-eye , harry ross ( paul newman ) , works for a pair of aging hollywood actors , catherine ( susan sarandon ) and jack ames ( gene hackman ) . jack is being blackmailed , and he asks harry to deliver the payoff . instead of the blackmailers , harry finds a dying ex-cop ( m . emmet walsh ) . as more bodies begin to pile up , harry realizes that he will have to solve the disappearance of catherine's first husband twenty years earlier to find out who's willing to kill to keep that secret buried . newman . sarandon . hackman . with an a-list cast of oscar laureates like that , " twilight " would seem very promising . however , the script is tired and predictable . it would serve well as a tv-movie-of-the-week , possibly with some 1970's detective hero reprising his role . the appeal of the project for its stars and its director , robert benton , is nostalgia . " twilight " wants very much to be a 1940's film noir with alan ladd or dick powell . all of the standard tropes are here : a hard-boiled p . i . among the rich and beautiful whose glamour hides sinister secrets , a femme fatale who tempts and confounds the hero , shadowy figures shooting from doorways , dead bodies confronting the hero at every turn , cops dogging his path and interfering with his investigation . the script offers little originality , and co-authors benton and richard russo seem unaware that what was original in 1948 is a clich ? in 1998 . elmer bernstein's score is hauntingly melodic and could have been drawn note-for-note from a vintage noir . the lead actors try hard-none of the three has every made less than a full effort , even when burdened with a bad script . they try to invest every line and gesture with meaning , and they create a convincing sense of the relationships between the main characters . harry is fond of jack but is in love with catherine . jack is dying of cancer and is jealous of harry's love for catherine . catherine teases harry and enjoys his attention , but her real feelings are hidden beneath a carefully-maintained veneer . " twilight " wants to be character-driven like " nobody's fool " ( also directed by benton , also starring newman , based on a novel by russo ) was , but the tired script gives the actors too little to work with . " twilight " also squanders a fine supporting cast : stockard channing ( harry's friend on the police force ) , reese witherspoon ( jack & catherine's bratty kid ) , giancarlo esposito ( the humorous sidekick ) , john spencer ( harry's nemesis on the force ) , liev schreiber and margo martindale ( the blackmailers ) , and james garner ( a cop who bailed movie stars out of trouble ) . 
in " the 13th warrior , " arab poet ahmed ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) finds himself kicked out of baghdad for feeling up the king's old lady . with his translator ( screen legend omar sharif in a small role ) , ahmed heads north to act as ambassador to the northmen ( vikings ) . he finds a group of warriors mourning the loss of their king . a messenger soon arrives from another kingdom requesting assistance . a soothsayer says that thirteen warriors must answer the summons , twelve northmen and one outsider . thus , ahmed becomes the " 13th warrior . " on the trip , ahmed manages to learn the vikings' language by listening to their fireside conversations . a bit far-fetched , it's true , but we have to swallow it if this flick is going to manage a few lines of dialogue amidst the grunting . ahmed , who's called " ibn " by the vikings , forms friendships with herger the joyous ( dennis storh ? i ) and the viking leader buliwyf ( vladimir kulich ) . when they arrive in the other kingdom , the thirteen warriors discover that they're facing an army of supernatural cannibals that live up in the caves . hereafter , most of the movie is battle scenes : the cannibals attack the vikings , the vikings attack the cannibals , the cannibals attack the . . . well , you get the idea . just to add some action , there's also a viking vs . viking duel . other movies insert scenes between the fights ; these scenes are called character development . i suspect that " the 13th warrior " had a better script at one time and that it fell through the cracks because of the tag-team direction . the movie started off in the hands of john mctiernan ( you'll notice a lot of similarities between " warrior " and mctiernan's " predator , " including the chittering jungle sounds ) . somewhere along the line , mctiernan bailed and michael crichton took over . crichton , whose novel " eaters of the dead " is the basis for " warrior , " has directed a small assortment of goofy science-fiction " thrillers " : " westworld , " " coma , " " looker , " " runaway . " their result of their consecutive efforts is a murky and pointless movie . perhaps what " the 13th warrior " needs more than anything else is a villain . the " eaters of the dead " are a faceless mob in blackface . they have no personality , and by the end they don't even seem particularly threatening . the audience has no target toward which to channel its aggression . mctiernan should know about the importance of an interesting villain ; it was his " die hard " that made villains seem fun and attracted big-name stars to the evil roles in action films . " the 13th warrior " suffers from a lack of vision . it wants to be " predator " meets " braveheart " meets " the magnificent seven " meets " dances with wolves . " with so many competing goals , all it can do is echo what it might have been . it might have been a satisfying action film . it might have been a beautifully-rendered medieval epic . it might have been a thought-provoking examination of the meeting of cultures . what a shame it turned out to be nothing in particular . bottom line : if you want to see antonio swing his sword , rent " the mask of zorro . " 
in this re-make of the 1954 japanese monster film , godzilla is transformed into a " jurassic park " copy who swims from the south pacific to new york for no real reason and trashes the town . although some of the destruction is entertaining for a while , it gets old fast . the film often makes no sense ( a several-hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second-rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes ( mayor ebert and his assistant gene are never funny ) , horrendous acting ( even matthew broderick is dull ) and an unbelievable love story ( why would anyone want to get back together with maria pitillo's character ? ) . there are other elements of the film that fall flat , but going on would just be a waste of good words . only for die-hard creature feature fans , this might be fun if you could check your brain at the door . i couldn't . ( michael redman has written this column for 23 years and has seldom had a more disorienting cinematic experience than seeing both " fear and loathing " and " godzilla " in the same evening . ) 
i still can't figure out why people went in droves to see this movie . now before you go assuming i'm some sort of high brow snob , who can't appreciate a little dumb humor , let me say that i love cheap humor . i thought there's something about mary was one of the funniest films that i have ever seen and it was certainly one of the best films of 1998 . low brow adolescent humor can be a lot of fun , the problem with the waterboy is that it is just low brow and adolescent , there is no humor component . i wanted to like the waterboy , i really did . i think i only laughed maybe 2 or 3 times throughout the entire movie . actually , i smiled a couple of more times on top of that . not a great record for a 90-minute film . the problem with the waterboy is the same as most other adam sandler movies . those responsible for this mess seem to think that the sheer fact that sandler walks around using a goofy voice and playing dumb the entire movie is a substitute for actual funny material . nothing could be further from the truth , as matter of fact , sandler's idiot voice started to get on my nerves at points in this film . it's really a shame too , because this film had the potential to be very funny . i personally believe that sandler is probably a very talented comedian , it's just that so far he hasn't been able to find the right film to showcase his talents . if his only talent is making goofy voices and playing morons , my guess is that his career in the movies will go down the same road as the vast majority of the former stars of saturday night live . most of whom are now happily no longer in the entertainment industry . sandler plays a 31-year-old , somewhat mentally challenged , waterboy for a college football team . the team's somewhat mentally disturbed coach ( henry winkler ) realizes that his waterboy has a great deal of pent-up rage , which , if harnessed properly , would make him a force to be reckoned with on the football field . you can figure out the rest from here . sandler joins the team and this once lowly waterboy becomes a football star . as i said , the film had a great deal of potential . the idea was a decent one , but the main potential of this movie is a result of the cast . all of whom are very good , just hamstrung by really , really , lousy material . even sandler , annoying goofy voice and all , has enough charisma and natural comedic ability to overcome some of his bad material . even as unfunny as his character is , i still found myself rooting for him throughout the film . but it is the supporting cast that i feel most badly about . if their material had been just a bit better , this film could have been such a funny movie . fairuza balk plays sandler's leather-wearing biker-chick love interest and does a great job playing sleazy and sexy at the same time . winkler is great as the coach who uses a " coaching for dummies " -style book to help him get through games . the real standout though , is kathy bates . even with some of the worst material of her career to deal with , she is still a treat to watch in her role as sandler's overprotective and overbearing mama . even with the performances of bates and winkler , there is absolutely no way i would recommend this movie . although i get the distinct impression that without them , this film would have ranked in negative numbers for me . which is sad , because i can't really put my finger on a particular element of the movie and single it out as the cause of the disaster that it became . it's obvious that those involved , specifically the actors , tried very hard to make what they thought was going to be a funny movie . it's just too bad that 99 percent of all of the jokes fell flat . 
that is , unless you're one of those people who have seen the preview a thousand times on tv or in the theaters . i can tell you one thing now : they gave the entire movie away . why someone would want to base an entire movie on one premise and then give that crucial detail away in the trailers is beyond me . however , if they * hadn't * given it away , the film would've still been suprisingly devoid of suspense given its subject matter . obviously , the producers thought they could remake " the deep end of the ocean , " throw in tommy lee jones and a couple of cliches and call it an action drama . " double jeopardy " offers solid acting from ashley judd and tommy lee jones , who got first billing even though he didn't see to be on screen half as much as judd did . it also offers some genuinely funny , clever , or full-of-tension moments ( my favorite : judd waking up in the coffin ) , but none of that can salvage the film from its insanely predictable plot . half the time i'm wondering whether i'm watching one of those overhyped tv miniseries , which always turn out to be less exciting than advertised . judging by the beginning , end , and a huge chunk of the middle , i might have been watching a special hallmark presentation too . the movie's stretching for an almost two hour long film with only 30 minutes worth of material . implausible material , no less . loose interpretation of one of the amendments aside , too many times in the movie i thought , " that is * not * possible * . " that kind of stuff is excusable in popcorn movies , but not one like " double jeopardy " that tries to pass itself off as serious drama . everything seems dragged out , overplayed . when they should've kept us in the dark , they let the cat out of the bag too early . 
michael robbins' hardball is quite the cinematic achievement . in about two hours , we get a glancing examination of ghetto life , a funeral with a heartfelt eulogy , speeches about never giving up , a cache of cute kids ( including a fat one with asthma ) , a hard-luck gambler who finds salvation in a good woman and a climactic " big game , " where the underdogs prove to have a bigger bite than anyone ever imagined . all that's needed is a guy getting hit in the nuts and a food fight to have the first film solely based on cinematic clich ? s . i can't wait to see the deleted scenes when it comes out on dvd . obviously , hardball is a strikeout of a movie that never gets the bat anywhere near the ball . it stars keanu reeves as the aforementioned gambler , who seems to owe every bookie in chicago an amount of money that rivals the gross national product of guam . out of solutions , he begs his successful corporate friend ( the always welcome mike mcglone ) to lend him $5 , 000 . instead , mcglone offers reeves the chance to help him coach a youth baseball team from the projects for a nice weekly stipend . reeves , who wants to keep his fingers , accepts the offer , but discovers mcglone is only too happy to let him handle the team entirely . the drowsy-voiced protagonist must teach the sassy inner city kids the baseball basics in a life of absentee parents and merciless gangs . and maybe , just maybe , they'll play in the big championship game . one of the glorious surprises in the screenplay by john gatins ( summer catch ) , adapted from daniel coyle's non-fiction book , is that there aren't any . the movie coasts from heartfelt moment to heartfelt moment like a zombie . that wouldn't be so bad , if the characters had an ounce of subtlety or humanity to them . most of the kids' time is spent yelling at each other , talking in slang and acting surprised . there's little that's naturally amusing about them , as they all seem to know the cameras are rolling . the worst of the lot is a tough-talking younger player ( dewayne warren ) whose sole purpose , as the movie unfolds , is being an emotional pawn , a tactic so utterly despicable i can't find the right words to express myself . the adults also don't fare well . reeves is impressively uninspiring as the down-on-his-luck loser . the character is poorly written , but reeves gives another charisma-free performance . every time he speaks , he sounds like he just got up from a long nap and is gradually waking up . kids are supposed to rally around this guy ? diane lane , who co-stars as reeves' obligatory love interest , remains a glowing screen presence ( see my dog skip for better proof ) . it's too bad that her role here consists of uttering lines like , " these kids trust you , and they don't trust anyone ! " then there's d . b . sweeney as an evil rival coach and john hawkes as reeves' scummy betting buddy and other unoriginal characters you've seen before and hope never to see again . i wanted hardball to be good . robbins' varsity blues was a funny and alternately taut tale of texas high school football that had ali larter smothered in whipped cream and jon voight sneering at everything that moved . i haven't seen robbins' goofy ready to rumble in its entirety , but i am intrigued that " macho man " randy savage and martin landau can exist in the same movie without there being serious worldwide repercussions . robbins obviously needs to go back to his forte -- making sports movies for guys and not cutesy , cuddly pap such as hardball , which also manages to annoy and insult the audience . here's hoping that happens in the immediate future . 
phew , what a mess ! for his fifth collaboration with director rich- ard donner ( lethal weapon i-iii , maverick ) , mel gibson plays a motormouth , maybe mentally ill new york city cabbie , jerry , whose wild conspiracy theories are all but ignored by alice ( julia roberts , acting all serious ) , the justice department employee that he has a crush on . she not interested , but another person is : a cia psychiatrist ( patrick stewart ) who promptly kidnaps him . is one of jerry's conjectures correct ? * is * the metal strip in the new $100 bill being used to track your movements ? is oliver stone still alive , because he cut a deal with george bush to spread * dis * information ? is this movie really about * any * of the crazed cabbie's theories ? no , no , and no . as it turns out , there's some other nonsense going on here , involving and revolving around jerry's background . ( hint : pay attention to an early scene where jerry blacks out and flashes back , in quick succession , to images of an interrogation room , hypodermic needles , and ms . roberts herself . ) the * initial * premise is pretty good and is played , for a while , at a delightfully dizzying clip . mel is wider-open that we've ever seen him and , if his character's relationship with roberts' initially strains credibility , their combined star power is blissfully intoxicating . ( the highest wattage of the summer , perhaps ? ) even when the plot contrivances begin to intrude , the two remain a randy dandy screen pair . there's a great scene in jerry's fortress , er , apartment , with alice trying to act casual as her hyperactive host tries to remember the combination to a locked coffee bean container . ( which he stores in another locked con- tainer , his fridge . ) other hilarious moments , of which there are many , include a trio of memorable convention-breakers , where alice ditches a tail , jerry cold-cocks someone , and , later , eludes a foot pursuit , each in a uproariously unexpected fashion . ( that's donner's own ladyhawke playing in the theater , btw . ) let's see , other pleasures include . . . a brilliant title sequence , a jazzy score from carter burwell , and the worth-paying-to-see sight of roberts pumping lead into one bad guy and slamming another's head into a wall . oh , pretty woman ! getting to the latter , however , requires slogging through an increasingly overburdened and ultimately unappealing story . the last hour of conspiracy theory devolves from tolerable to torturous to almost unwatchable . more stuff happens of the stupid shit variety than is worth mentioning here , except , perhaps , for a late sequence that has alice locating jerry in an abandoned wing of a mental hospital by hearing his voice carrying through the air ducts . and here i thought it was wabbit season . good god , who rewrites these movies ? and do they arrive in nondescript black vehicles ? 
in 1990 , the surprise success an unheralded little movie called ghost instantly rescued the moribund careers of its trio of above-the-title stars , patrick swayze , demi moore , and whoopi goldberg . eight years later , moore and goldberg's careers aren't exactly thriving , but they have had their share of screen successes since ; the same can't be said of swayze , who has just added yet another turkey to his resume with the aptly named black dog . forget the mortal kombat movies--this trucksploitation flick is the closest the movies has come to video games . good truck driver jack crews ( swayze ) must drive a cargo of illegal firearms from atlanta to new jersey . along the way , jack and his crew of three run into a number of obstacles--such as a highway weigh station , evil truckers , and deadly uzi-firing motorcyclists . every so often , like at the end of a video game " level " or " stage , " the main baddie pops up : red ( meat loaf , fresh from the triumph of spice world ) , who wants to steal the cache of guns . just in case you forget his name or have trouble keeping track of who's driving what , all of red's vehicles , be it a pickup or a big rig , are painted--you guessed it--red . i could go into more of the plot specifics ( such as jack's dream of having a nice home with his family , the past trauma that sent him to prison and cost him his trucking license , the fbi/atf crew tracking the cargo ) , but they are of little importance . all that matters to director kevin hooks and writers william mickelberry and dan vining are the obstacles jack confronts in his drive from point a to point b . but they fail at even this modest goal , for none of the highway chaos , as credibly staged as it is , is terribly interesting , let alone exciting . once you've seen a couple of trucks bang against each other or a big rig explode the first time , you've seen it every time . as dreary as black dog is as an entertainment , the saddest part about the film has nothing to do with what shows up onscreen ; it's that swayze has to reduce himself to such work . while far from the best of actors , he is certainly not horrible , and he is a charismatic presence . i don't know if it's his judgment or the dearth of quality job offers that leads him to involve himself with bombs such as black dog . regardless , if he continues on this career track , could a tv series be far behind ? 
what makes reindeer games even more disappointing than just a predictable , lifeless action flick is the cast and crew who signed onto the project . most of the people involved in reindeer games just came off terrible slumps with excellent comeback performances in their most recent films . john frankenheimer , who made the unforgettable cold war drama the manchurian candidate way back in the early 60's , recently showed critics and fans alike that he still had some magic left in his directorial skills when he created the brilliant car chase scenes in ronin . screenwriter ehren kruger gave a remarkable first impression when he wrote the script for the underrated arlington rd . ben affleck displayed his comedic talents in dogma and boiler room , and even on saturday night live directly after the horrible forces of nature and 200 cigarettes . even charlize theron , who i was convinced couldn't act , did a decent job in cider house rules . when all of these bright stars come together , one would assume that the movie will have great potential to be entertaining . after coming out of the theater showing reindeer games , disbelief was my first reaction ? then frustration . the movie could have premiered on cinemax at two in the morning starring an all-rookie cast and still would have been equally lacking in entertaining . the acting is so pitiful and the script so dull , i may have to rethink some of my opinions on how talented these actors actually are . it seemed like everyone was restricted to just the script and not given a fair amount of improvisational rights . we have all seen ben affleck have some fun on the set , it is so apparent in a number of scenes in good will hunting when he exchanges jokes with his friends at a bar . the actors in that movie were having fun and , from that , the audience had fun . reindeer games is the complete opposite ; the actors don't seem to want to be their characters ( even danny trejo , who will do practically anything , doesn't look like he is enjoying himself ) , causing the audience to quickly lose interest . evidence of public disapproval was noted when a woman behind me yelled " boy this movie is horrible ! " and when there were scattered giggles during the most dramatic moments . the story follows a man , rudy ( ben affleck ) , who is leaving prison in a few days along with his best friend and cellmate nick ( james frain ) . nick has been exchanging love letters with a beautiful woman , ashley ( charlize theron ) , and cannot wait to leave prison and meet her in person . when nick is killed in a prison riot , rudy decides to pretend to be nick and take ashley out on a date for the christmas holidays . unfortunately ashley's brother , gabriel ( gary sinise ) interferes with their relationship . thinking rudy is nick , he kidnaps rudy and threatens to kill him unless he helps rob a casino , which nick use to work at as a security guard . now rudy must pretend to be nick so he can protect ashley from her brother gabriel . confused ? the movie only gets more complex as it goes on , until it gets way , way too complex at its climax . but reindeer games makes its first serious mistake during the first half an hour . the hero commits a greedy , selfish act when he decides to pretend he is his dead cellmate in order to date ashley . some hero . the point of a hero is to do the morally correct thing , a person for the audience to relate to or admire . when rudy lies and cheats his way into trouble , instead of gathering support from me for him to ultimately succeed in getting the bad guys , i felt more like he was getting what he deserved and even wanted to see him fail at times . the most irritating part of the film ( besides the fact that this is a christmas movie released in february ) is the number of chances the bad guys get to kill rudy but fail or delay for some idiotic reason . the routine in which the bad guy must explain his genius plan to the hero before attempting to kill him with some elaborate machine is getting so tired nowadays , especially when i eagerly want to see the hero dead . the only saving grace keeping this movie from receiving zero stars is an amusing but pointless cameo from isaac hayes as a prisoner upset with his food . why he was in this movie for such a pointless role beats me . why any of these people had anything at all to do with this movie beats me . 
the law of crowd pleasing romantic movies states that the two leads must end up together by film's end . if you're not familiar with this law , then maybe you've seen the trailer for this film which shows that the two leads are together by film's end . now if you're a regular reader of mine , you've heard me say this countless times : you know how drive me crazy is going to end , but is the journey to get to that ending worth it ? no , it definitely is not . melissa joan hart ( from abc's " sabrina , the teenage witch " ) likes a hunky stud on the basketball team . adrien grenier is her grungy neighbor who's just broken up with his activist girlfriend . apparently he wants to make his ex-girlfriend jealous enough to take him back , and she wants someone to take her to the big year end dance . so the two pretend to date for some reason , but only after hart gives grenier a bath to turn him into a hunky stud . will grenier like his new popularity and turn on his friends ? will this crazy scheme work ? do i care ? the teen comedy resurgence of late has been surprisingly good in terms of comedy . what makes movies like can't hardly wait and 10 things i hate about you work ( and to a lesser extent , she's all that and never been kissed ) is because the writers of those films seem to realize that high school is a joke and write their scripts accordingly . i don't know what the writer's intention was with drive me crazy . there was some smart comedy in those films to make the obvious endings worth getting to . here there's nothing . . . just teens whining about who's going to take them to the big dance . do me a favor kids , go get a job or something . . . just shut the hell up . in all honesty , the best part of this film is the end credits . now normally when i say that it's followed with the joke " . . . because the movie is finally over . " in this case though the end credits really are the most entertaining part of the film . after the obligatory second playing of britney spears' titular song , there's a quick commercial jingle for a burger joint the kids in the film hang out in and a brief rendition of the school song for their high school . nothing great , but more entertaining than anything in the 90 minutes which preceded them . sci-fi fans take note : there are brief appearances from stephen collins ( star trek : the motion picture ) and faye grant ( the tv miniseries " v " and " v : the final battle " ) . [pg-13] 
a friend invites you to a movie . this film would evade the explosions and special effects of standard summer fare , and be grounded in reality . the plot is as follows : after a terrifying incident , a mother and her independent daughter separate from the father and move away from the city . they need fresh air to get some perspective , maybe to start over . romance begins to brew , however , as one of the locals , played by an international superstar in rugged clothing , sparks things up , ( especially at a country-western slow dance ) . it stars a rising young starlet , helms a good cast , and is directed by one of the better actor-turned-directors in hollywood . you accept . you jump at the opportunity to see , what you believe to be , _the horse whisperer_ . but , poor moviegoer , you have been conned . alas , you find yourself watching , incredulously , _hope floats_ . oh , woe . your hope has sunk . why was this movie made ? why was it released ? it is a travesty on nearly every level , and has the authority to sink the careers of nearly everyone involved . at the hands of a better script , the film could have been a gem . but it is clueless as to what it is about , and only succeeds in transferring same cluelessness to us poor viewers . _hope floats_ stars sandra bullock as birdy , who , after discovering her husband has been cheating on her with her best friend ( on national television no less ) , takes her daughter and drives back to her home , helmed by a countryish bumpkin eccentric played by gena rowlands , ( she decorates with stuffed wildlife ) . birdy's nephew , travis ( played by _leave it to beaver_'s cameron finley ) , is under her custody , and in one of the film's many failed in-jokes , is always seen wearing a different halloween costume . what is the point of this ? does it make any sense ? is it supposed to be funny ? the point of the film is to show that the family is eccentric , but i was convinced that the grandma should have been locked up for endangering the mental welfare of a child . all of this undercuts the plot , of which there is none . there are only many scenes that are supposed to register emotion . there's the scene where birdy , who used to be the prom queen , is humbled by approaching a peer she once mocked , for a job . there's the scene where birdy dances with her father , in the hospital for alzheimer's . and then there's the sentimental scenes with justin , played by harry connick jr . , who is taking a liking to her again , showing her a beautiful pad that he built from scratch . and during each of these scenes , i was sidetracked by my earlier question . what sort of eccentric grandmother go through such great pains as to provide a dog costume , a kermit costume , a cowboy costume ( with whip ) , and a full furred barney costume for her grandson to wear during dinner ? what sort of warped ramifications would this lead for the rest of his life ? outside of this , there are other sure signs of screenwriters block . when the daughter stands up to the bully at school . when birdy almost loses her job . when the family pulls in a goofy lip-synch to cheer someone up . when someone dies . when the daughter cries , ( no , wails ) in exasperation that her father is not coming back . in a movie like this , you notice the strings being pushed , and you sit there , comatose , hoping it will end . who can survive such a debacle ? i worry for bullock's career , which has been running on auto-pilot for the last few years . she has an attitude , a solid perkiness , and can drive a bus--but she can't handle the emotional scenes , much less hold a southern accent . harry connick , jr . is worse--stick with singing , or get some acting lessons , please ! gena rowlands is the best part of the film . but she's such a good actress , that it staggers the mind that she's weighed down by such lukewarm material here . it would be a severe tragedy if the recurring star of john cassavettes' great films is known for this film . two notes to forest whittaker : ( 1 ) cut the slow-motion sequences . there are twelve times where you undercut your own direction by such a failed trick . have you done so , you could have shaved off ten-minutes of this almost unbearable debacle . ( 2 ) you've had to know something was wrong if your cinematographer's filter makes the candlelight appear like little " x " s . you're not a bad director , but you can't change a terrible script . there's a recurring scene where birdy , working at the neighborhood fotomat , finds the machine go wrong , and image after destroyed , warped , dark image appear . think about it . a succession of destroyed images may have been more entertaining than this movie . 
" snake eyes " is the most aggravating kind of movie : the kind that shows so much potential then becomes unbelievably disappointing . it's not just because this is a brian depalma film , and since he's a great director and one who's films are always greeted with at least some fanfare . and it's not even because this was a film starring nicolas cage and since he gives a brauvara performance , this film is hardly worth his talents . it's worse than that . it's aggravating for the sole reason that its story could be so much more , could be totally intelligent , and it opens up with absolutely no subtlety that it will be handled complexly and intensely . . . then at one point in the movie makes on wrong turn that leads it to the hall of fame of half-assedness . or more deservedly , the hall of fame of the eighth-assedness . in certain circles , " snake eyes " was being advertised as a kind of modern day version of kurosawa's classic " rashomon , " where a crime is told from the four different ( and i mean different ) perspectives , and it looks as though it may actually be just like this with the opening , which , i might add , is superb . in one very very very long steadicam shot , we meet the protagonist , crooked atlantic city detective , rick santoro ( cage ) , and follow him before a boxing match as he talks on his cell phone with his wife , interupts a pay-per-view event on tv , chases down a gambler , enters the arena all pumped up for the fight , sits down and talks with his bud , kevin dunne ( gary sinise , who's character should not be confused with that of actor kevin dunn , who's also in this ) , and watches as it happens . there's a big name in the crowd , and that's the secretary of defense , charles kirkland ( joel fabiani ) , who's sitting behind rick , and who gets shot a second after the heavyweight champion , lincoln tyler ( stan shaw ) , is knocked out . this all happens in the opening shot , and it creates so many red herrings and possibilities of what happened that it opens this scene up for close examination and total deconstruction . what really happened , this film asks , and it sets this film up extremely well for when rick begins to question people and get different perspectives on the scene . . . and discovers there's a very good possibility it was a conspiracy . as we follow rick trying to learn of more information , we also meet a woman who was talking to kirkland before he was shot ( carla gugino ) , and who flees the scene in a panic , and tries to hide from the cops in the arena and the adjacent casino/hotel since the cops have blocked off the doors so they can get witness' takes on what happened . this is all going pretty fine and dandy , and it's extremely interesting to watch . . . then it takes one wrong step . we follow the wrong character , and we learn of the answer to the mystery too early on , and way before rick can find it out . but that's not the worst part of it : it's that it's the one person you didn't think it would be because he was too obviously supposed to be the red herring , the one you didn't think did it because it would be stupid and cliched of that person to be behind it . it only gets worse : the film turns into a chase film about half way through the film , and since we already know what happened , we can't rely on rick's investigation to be all that interesting . it's as if the film ran out of the guts to be really complex and original about a third of the way in , and decided to just fall back on an easy way out , and that just happens to mean that it has to become less and less credible . events become more and more proposterous , and by the end , the film has decided to rely on the worst offender in mysteries like this : the deux ex machina . that's where some outside intereference brings the film to a sudden conclusion and makes everything okay . this time , it's a hurricane , an out-of-control police car , and a big round ball that adorned the arena . what went wrong ? depalma and the screenwriter , david koepp , are extremely credible people in their respective fields , and have been known for bringing life and complexity to mysteries such as this . depalma , who idolizes hitchcock to death , has done many a film like this , such as his masterpiece , " blow out , " where a movie soundman uses movie elements to uncover a conspiracy piece by piece . but granted , depalma at least makes it intriguing to watch , what with his over-the-top shot set-ups , notably the beginning and a sequence where the camera pans over top of a bunch of rooms in the hotel , forgetting anything about boundaries . at least his direction makes up partly for it . then there's koepp , who showed such great ability at making a character's flaws come to life like he did in depalma's earlier " carlito's way , " a film that dove right into the life and past of its character and examined him extremely well . he can write a flawed character , but his rick santoro seems to be just a half-assed effort . he's flawed , and we can see redemption if the story wasn't so formulaic . a scene towards the end where he has to make a fatal decision is cheapened by the fact that his answer has no emotional buildup . he may as well have said the opposite of what he says ; it would have at least gone with what the character was like . this is the most disappointing kind of film because it promises intelligence and complexity , because it promises disection of a flawed character and perhaps even redemption , then pulls the rug from under us just as we were about to be convinced it would be able to go all the way . as i was watching the first half hour , i couldn't wait to see how the mystery would be unearthed , how many different perspectives he'd be given , and perhaps he'd have to make a choice between who's he has to believe . now there's a film . unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap we've seen all too much before , but never from someone like depalma . 
tommy lee jones chases an innocent victim around america who is trying to prove that she did not kill her spouse . the fugitive ? not quite ? this is the plot for double jeopardy , another fugitive copycat without the action , excitement , and good acting that the original had . there are other slight differences besides one movie being bad and the other good ; this time tommy lee jones plays a parole officer not a us marshall , clever huh ? oh and the fugitive ashley judd was framed by her own husband ( bruce greenwood ) who needed to collect two million dollars in life insurance money not a one armed man . both movies are on video . make the wise choice and pick the fugitive . there are so many flaws in double jeopardy , it is laughable . while serving time in prison , libby parsons ( judd ) discovers that she can never be charged for committing the same crime twice . learning that her husband is still alive , she decides to serve her time in prison , find him , retrieve her son , and kill her husband if necessary . when the strict parole officer travis lehman ( jones ) stands in her way , libby decides to break the rules ( who knows why ? ) and continue her plan , despite the fact that if she gets caught , she's going back to jail . director bruce beresford spends way too much time trying to convince the audience that libby misses her son . every other scene , we are given a shot of libby staring and crying at his picture . in an action movie like this , valuable time wasted on these shots takes away more opportunities for libby to get up and do something . all that is needed in this type of movie is a short scene in which libby tells herself or a friend " i miss my son . " nothing more , nothing less . dr . kimble of the fugitive didn't look at one picture of his dead wife , his primary concern was to save himself . libby at times shows this same determination but not nearly enough . ashley judd and bruce greenwood both are excellent actors but if they continue to do movies like this , they will be typecast for the rest of their careers , kind of like their doomed co-star tommy lee jones . winning an oscar for the fugitive must have convinced jones that audiences will never get tired of his i-do-my-job-whether-they-are-innocent-or-guilty roles . people still pay to see his movies and he makes plenty of money so i guess he was right . though i don't think he will win another oscar again . the ultimate mistake in the script is what eventually becomes of libby parsons . even if she was excused for disobeying her parole officer , the number of other crimes she commits while on the run are too numerous to count . burglary , assault , grand theft auto are some of libby's slipups . the message of the movie is you can break all of the small laws as long as you're innocent of the major crime . hopefully criminals won't use double jeopardy as a reference in court for why they are innocent . that would just be plain stupid . 
anna and the king is at least the fourth film adaptation of margaret landon's fact based novel the king and i , and it's big , expensive and soulless . though good-looking , its lavish sets , fancy costumes and luscious cinematography can do little to compensate for the emotional wasteland that is peter krikes and steve meerson's script . so much money was spent on pretty pictures that they forgot to actually make the movie interesting . this is jodie foster's first movie since the jaw-droppingly brilliant contact came out more than two years ago and it isn't the best choice to show off her acting chops . she's trapped in the stoic role of anna leonowens , the uptight , widowed british schoolteacher who comes to siam ( now thailand ) with her son to instruct the king's ( chow yun-fat ) son in the ways of the west ( because " the ways of england are the ways of the world ) . the king likes her so much he puts her in charge of educating the whole royal family ( 58 kids with 10 more in the way ; impressive , no ? ) . the eldest prince is none too happy about this ( " father , have i offended you in some way ? why do you punish me with imperialist schoolteacher ? ) , but soon gets to know anna and her stern- mother-who-loves-you personality better and comes to like her . meanwhile , siam comes under attack from the neighboring british colony of burma . the king and his close advisors suspect that this is britain's doing which arouses suspicion in siam , putting anna in an uncomfortable position . she is not sure what to make of this and seems to herself suspect british involvement in the crisis but works to diffuse the king's prejudices . he , though self-righteous as ever , can't help but be influenced by the eloquent anna and they slowly , quietly , develop affections for each other . there is a scene in the middle of anna and the king where one of the king's younger daughters dies . it's your classic deathbed scene , with the girl's mournful eyes staring at her father , who tries only semi- successfully to maintain his composure . anna then comes in and cries a bit . the sequence was there for a purpose : to evoke a strong emotional response from the viewer . i'm usually a sucker for such scenes and yet this time , i was just sitting there , my emotions untouched . this remains true through all of the movie which remains emotionally barren . we never develop connections to the characters ; never given a reason to care . this ludicrously long epic was directed by andy tennant , whose last film was ever after , one of my favorites of 1998 . i do not doubt tennant's ability to put together a decent movie , but anna and the king , aside from being psychologically inept is also technologically deficient . the sets and scenery are gorgeous , but the camerawork does nothing to convey its grandeur . even terrence malick managed to do more with flora and fauna in his otherwise abysmal the thin red line than tennant can muster from $75 million worth of props and a shoot in malaysia . we feel like the camera is restricted to its immediate point of view ; there are no wide tracking shots or sweeping zooms to fill us with larger-than-life awe . i liked both foster and yun-fat , who give entertaining if not terribly involving performances in the two lead roles . foster's generally stoic persona serves her well here , as she is playing a reserved , formal and rather underdeveloped character . yun-fat is especially effective , perfectly conveying the king of siam's sangfroid permeated with violent outbursts . what does anna and the king in is its inability to involve the viewer in its characters and situations . the cast is great , the director is talented , and the budget is lavish , but this ill-advised remake of the classic rogers and hammerstein movie is unable to utilize any of those things to form a compelling whole . this is an emotionless costume epic . 
" battlefield earth " is the best comedy of the year . it has to be . the other prospect is just too horrifying to consider . bad movie syndrome struck me again , so after witnessing how much " battlefield earth " has been proclaimed a train wreck in both critical and popular circles , i felt the masochistic urge to see the disaster first-hand . is it as bad as advertised ? oh yes , very much so . the plot is incomprehensible . the acting is atrocious . the special effects are mediocre . the action is dull . the implausibilities are legion . the dialogue is cringe-inducing . the whole package is funny when it wants to be serious and irritating when it wants to be funny . i don't even want to continue reviewing this movie ; i'd like to purge the atrocity from my mind as soon as possible , but you probably want to read my thrashing in all its sarcastic glory , so here it is : the premise is basically a rip-off of " planet of the apes , " only minus the apes and philosophical discussion , and plus a race of evil aliens from the planet psychlo . the year is 3000 , the psychlos have conquered earth , and the human population has been enslaved . only a handful of humans escaped to radiation-rich areas to escape the aliens ; they live out their lives in fear . one man , johnny goodboy ( i know , i know ) tyler ( barry pepper ) , ventures to the outworld and is captured by the psychlos . there he confronts the psychlo head of security : a big , ugly , klingon-looking creature called terl ( john travolta ) . pressed into slavery , johnny vows to lead a revolution and take the planet back . meanwhile , terl is faced with his own problems : he has recently learned that he's stuck living on earth ( which he hates ) for the rest of his career because he pissed off his boss by sleeping with the big man's daughter . he decides to give johnny knowledge of the psychlo language and technology ( this is where the plot gets ridiculous . . . ) so the " man-animal " can lead a mining expedition into places the psychlos can't go . terl then plans to keep the mined gold for himself . of course , his plan doesn't work . so many things wrong with this movie -- where to begin ? how about with travolta , whose hollywood clout brought about this , the cinematic version of scientology guru l . ron hubbard's sci-fi novel ? early previews for " battlefield earth , " with constant shots of a makeup-laden travolta cackling like lex luthor , had me ( and several audience members ) remarking , " what the hell is travolta thinking ? " the movie did nothing to stem such remarks . all that ridiculous cackling he did in the trailers is in full force here : terl cackles after nearly every line , and so does every other psychlo . of course , this makes every scene hilariously overwrought , no more so than when the script clumsily stumbles into political commentary . the psychlos are probably supposed to be some kind of satire of corporate america , but ceos generally don't laugh maniacally after denying pay raises to their employees . ( " you were going to be promoted -- but now you're not ! fwahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! ! ! " ) it's no big surprise terl loses to the humans -- he's an idiot . he breaks every kind of supervillain rule in the book . he underestimates his enemies , assuming he'll win just because he's smarter . ( he uses the word " leverage " like some sort of scientologist mantra . ) not content to go the james bond villain route of explaining his plans to the hero , he hooks him up to a machine that gives him knowledge of all the psychlos' language and technology . ( why this machine is even around in the first place is beyond me . ) he then appears shocked that johnny points a gun at him . no wonder this guy never got his promotion . the plot inconsistencies are too numerous to mention . why do the psychlos build an earth base in which both they and the human slaves must wear little breathing apparatuses to survive ? how come the psychlos are wasting their time mining for gold when the doors of fort knox are wide open ? how in the world did all those fighter jets survive sitting in a hangar for 1 , 000 years ? and how do all these previously brain-dead cavemen learn to fly them so quickly ? there's a whole lot more to scratch one's head about in " battlefield earth . " bring a scorecard to track the plot holes . director roger christian shoots " battlefield earth " in the most distracting way possible , tilting nearly every shot sideways for no discernible reason . all the characters appear to be standing on the walls , and it's awfully difficult to watch a movie when you must tilt your head just to watch ordinary passages of dialogue . the action sequences are atrociously edited , every one turned into an endless slow-motion parade that drains all potential excitement . are these things really so hard to construct ? my respect for supposed " lightweight " action directors has grown by leaps and bounds after witnessing in " battlefield earth " how badly an action sequence can be shot . this movie is an absolute headache . it's not just the shot selection and editing ; the movie , quite frankly , makes no sense . for most of " battlefield earth's " running time , i just didn't know what was happening . it didn't have anything to do with me finding the events stupid or illogical ( though they certainly are ) -- i really had no idea what the hell was going on . when i pieced the plot together later , it didn't look any better . here's how much of a disaster this is : " battlefield earth " is already the worst movie of the year , and it's going to take something really , really inept to top it . the only thing we can take comfort in about the film is that no one will be suckered into joining the church of scientology because of it . in fact , i'd think that hubbard's cult would want to distance themselves from this bomb as fast as possible . that'll teach me to give into bad movie syndrome again . 
synopsis : nice girl susanne has sex with her boyfriend daniel in his car , visits daniel's rich family during thanksgiving at their mansion in the middle of nowhere , and has sex with daniel again in the basement . susanne and daniel must then decide where to hide from evil art thieves who shoot everyone else in the mansion to steal paintings . brace yourself for one of those painfully obvious " surprise endings . " comments : thanksgiving . for most , it's a time to be with your loved ones and enjoy a good , home-cooked meal . for the makers of body count , however , thanksgiving is a time for multiple murders , violence , profanity , family dysfunction , and sex . boy , do i feel all the more better having sat through this crap . alyssa milano , the former child star of who's the boss ? , matures to made-for-video sludge like this movie . someone somewhere thought it'd be a great idea to pair her with rapper ice-t , who has since guest-starred in the made-for-the-sci-fi-channel series welcome to paradox . this isn't exactly a winning combination . outside of permanently ruining a holiday for me , what else may be said for this turkey ? well , it teaches us that beautiful , attractive women who look strikingly like alyssa milano fall in love with nerds who drive down long winding roads with their eyes closed and complain about being english teachers . it presents us with a heartwarming thanksgiving dinner attended by alcoholic , stuck-up rich white people waited on by black servants . it shows us that old guys , try not to laugh , sit around and talk about " the appeal of postmodernism " during their free time . and , it proves that you can have sex in your parents' basement when they have a dozen or so guests over , and no one will notice . before i go any further , if any young male reading this has hopes of seeing alyssa naked , forget it . the filmmakers cleverly shoot the simulated sex scenes in a manner that makes sure you don't see any of milano's attributes . they do , however , inexplicably throw in a scene where ice-t whistles " jingle bells " after killing people , for whatever that's worth . this film was originally titled below utopia . perhaps they should have renamed it hell . avoid this clunker . 
the characters in jonathan lynn's " the whole nine yards , " yet another in an endless recent string of mob comedies ( 1999's " analyze this " and " mickey blue eyes , " 2000's " gun shy " ) , are rarely ever written as real people , but merely as one-dimensional caricatures . when an added layer to one of their personalities is revealed , it is not to service the character development , or to naturally offer up instinctive characterizations , but to accommodate the convoluted plot . in a lightweight comedy , you might say , it is not required to have perfectly realized figures , just as long as they get the job done . unfortunately , for a comedy to work , it has to at least succeed at being funny , and if there was a laugh-o-meter available , i'd guess that it briefly ascended around 2 . 5% of the time for me . suffice to say , the comedy in " the whole nine yards " works about as well as the broken-down lawnmower in my backyard , and when a giggle surprisingly arises every twenty to thirty minutes , it is by sheer luck . nicholas " oz " oseransky ( matthew perry ) is an amateur dentist living in the quiet suburbs of quebec . trapped in a hateful marriage with the conniving sophie ( rosanna arquette , delightfully hamming it up with a clearly artificial french-canadian accent ) , one day oz sees that someone is moving into the house next-door . walking over to greet him , he is horrified to discover it is jimmy " the tulip " tudeski ( bruce willis ) , a former contract killer for the mafia who has just been released from prison . once getting to know him and becoming his friend , oz is more comfortable with his identity , but for sophie , it means a possible hitman to do away with oz . in her scheme , sophie sends oz to chicago to cash in by informing his old mob boss ( kevin pollak ) about jimmy's whereabouts , but in the process , he falls in love with jimmy's wife , cynthia ( natasha henstridge ) , who is being held hostage . upon return to quebec , and with one contrivance after the next , oz's dental assistant , jill ( amanda peet ) , is overjoyed to discover that he lives beside " the tulip , " and forces him to set up a meeting , since jill's dream in life turns out being a contract killer herself . have you got all that ? because there is more . much , much more . and this is a movie that , without credits , is little over 90 minutes and feels only like an hour . " the whole nine yards " is an ultimately unsatisfying and empty-headed excursion into well-worn terrain already set by far superior pictures . how the cast , most of which are respectable actors , got caught up in such a cliched , deficient film remains a mystery , unless they thought it might aspire to match the congenial screwball zaniness of director lynn's 1985 comedy classic , " clue : the movie . " going into the theater , preliminary comparisons between the two movies were unavoidable , but by the twenty-minute mark , when i had chuckled once and laughed nary a single time , it was clear this production was in serious trouble . since the entire running time depends on the mechanisms of the plot , and the screenplay , inauspiciously written by mitchell kapner , collapses with every failing " comedy " bit , the film is an inevitable dead zone in the way of substance and , frequently , entertainment value . " the whole nine yards " is neither facetious nor , aside from the subplot about jill's shocking eagerness to become a professional hitwoman , inventive , and more often than not , just lies there , the film spinning drearily around and around in the projector , but never igniting any sort of spark . a few select actors do what they can with the material , while others make no impact at all . on the mediocre side are actually those playing the two central characters : matthew perry and bruce willis . perry , innocuously enjoyable on tv's " friends , " plays the same exact sitcom-style character in all of his movies ( from 1997's " fools rush in " to 1999's " three to tango " ) , and it has become a crushing bore . meanwhile , willis makes next to no impression , and because of the limited guise of his jimmy " the tulip " tudeski , oftentimes disappears into the background . their three female counterparts fare noticeably better . best of all is natasha henstridge , far more radiant than in the exploitative " species " movies , who adds unanticipated depth and emotion to cynthia . henstridge has the talent , for sure , to break out of these countless throwaway roles , but first she must fire her agent . amanda peet has a lot of fun as the quirkily straightforward and giddy jill , and seems to know more about the art of comedic payoff than even perry who , thus far , has strived on a career based solely on comedy . it is too bad , then , that peet is unnecessarily asked to disrobe in a climactic scene , with the obvious sole purpose being to show off her breasts . finally , rosanna arquette is awful as sophie , but something tells me that was her purpose , and her clear overacting only aids in brightening up her limited screen time . also popping up is michael clarke duncan , fresh off an oscar nomination for his role in " the green mile , " as jimmy's largely built friend and fellow killer , frankie figs . when " the whole nine yards " eventually sputters to its underwhelming conclusion , one is left pondering how such a film ever got greenlit . a great deal of movies of this type have been made in the past , and this one is nothing but a duplication of better films , so what was the point ? without a passable screenplay or any notable technical accomplishments , " the whole nine yards " rests solely on the presumed charm of the cast , and half of the actors are not charming at all . now , what does that tell you ? 
be warned . . brit love story in the offing . effeminate , mild-mannered karl is about to take a beatng from a bunch of ruffians at school as he bathes himself under a shower , his genitals tucked between his legs in the manner of a posing transvestite . he is only just saved by prentice , who appears in all respects barring his protective attitude towards karl to be your average street-wise punk-in-the-making . the ensuing scene ends up with both boys being ridiculed and then unfairly expelled from the school . they do not see each other for another eighteen yeas . in that time , prentice has matured into a somewhat loveable , if brash and bull-heaed goon who screws up his jobs and relationships while gamely clinging onto perennial adolescence via lether jackets , motorcycles and punk rock music . karl , on the other hand , has grown up to become kim , a drabby , insecure woman who works as a verse writer for a greeting card company . chance brings the two together , and love , such as will inevitably blossom in your quirky british romantic comedy , is what this skewed little story is largely about . if at this point you think you're going to get any cheap laughs with that gender-bending theme ( see the birdcage , to wong foo . . . , priscilla queen of the desert ) , you can just go home and brood on your own maladjusted sexuality you low-life deadbeat . kim is a post-operative transsexual , thank you very much . . . a new-born woman for all purposes , with confusions and sensitivities that deserve treatment with a touch of delicacy . personally , give me those cheap laughs any day . i'd rather enjoy obvious camp than endure the shallow exploration of a soft- hearted transsexual love story . different for girls comes up with a promising enough proposition , but does nothing that surpasses the merely workmanlike with it . by refusing to make the audience really uncomfortable with the notion of kim and prentice's relation- ship , or at the very least feel uncomfortable for them ( prentice for example , doesn't seem to give hiself all that much grief when he becomes attracted to kim despite being a fight-picking , beer-drinking , macho kind of guy , and kim , for all her insecurities and fears is always saved any truly disturbing victimisation in the film ) , and instead drawing them into a basically wimpy love story , the film manages to lobotomise itself . lightweight comedy as it's doomed to be , it could've still have hacked it with the requisitive endearing couple . but this doesn't either , since even mrs doubtfire is sexier than steven mackintosh's kim foyle , and as either sex , he's just plainly a simpering wanker nobody should like . prentice does though , and that's never explained . but then rupert graves gives us so heroic performance as prentice , the guy who never grew up ( and if there is a bafta prize for most convincing portrayal of a rabid fan at a buzzcocks' concert , he should win that too ) that i guess there's no reason to explain why he's so screwed up . if oddly enough you grow to like this show , you'll be wanting your happy ending , and the film won't fail you there either . snide underling at kim's office gets her come-uppance . misogynistic police officer who beats up prentice gets his come-uppance . the couple prevail against a disagreeable society and come together in kim's apartment . kim's sister and her impotent sarge-type husband kiss and make up after a tiff ( tv movie sub-plot with incidental juxtaposition ) . and best of all , kim sheds her insecurities and learns how to ride the motorcycle and wear leathers , making prentice ride pilion . awwww . terrific closure . happy ending . but just what is it that's differnt for girls anyway ? if you figure that one out , let me know . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . 
when i was nine , i started buying the coolest toy figures in my local department store . masters of the universe was the pinnacle of what i was after for action figures : they combined science fiction and fantasy , had cool names like mekanek and stinkor and each came with its own little comic book to read . of course , the animated series produced by filmation remains one of the most wildly successful television products in world history . given the tremendous success of the toys and the cartoon ( not to mention its moderately successful spin-off she-ra : princess of power ) , it was inevitable that a production company would put two and two together , come with the result of " trillions " and make a live-action masters movie . let's be blunt : masters of the universe is a very bad movie . the story is painfully dull and mind-numbingly cliched ( hands up who * wouldn't * guess he-man and skeletor take their fight into the real world ) and is acted out by either incredibly untalented actors ( dolph lundgren as he-man for one ) or good actors ( james tolkan , meg foster ) given such awful characters and dialogue that they can't help but seem terrible . it is extremely clear that someone making the movie wanted it to be as good as star wars . we have the alien bounty hunters , the desert skif technology , stormtrooper lookalikes and a musical score so reminiscent of john williams that " deja vu " is too polite a term to use in describing it . " blatant uninspired ripoff " would appear more appropriate . tv fans might want to check out courtney cox ( monica in friends ) and robert duncan mcneill ( lt paris in star trek : voyager ) , very early in their careers and not doing to well in them either . so in the face of such mindless sub-mediocrity , is there anything to make masters of the universe worth watching at all ? yes , there is . one incredible good reason . his name is frank langella . langella has always been one of the underrated actors of hollywood , appearing in countless films over the years . here he plays skeletor , the villain of the piece . dressed in opulent black velvet robes and bearing a skull for a face , he is one part darth vader , one part emperor and two parts grim reaper . given this character , langella falls right into it with style and precision . skeletor is believable , interesting and manages to tread the fine line between being a homage to the past and startlingly original in his own right . masters of the universe . i remember loving it when i was eleven . at twenty one it's difficult to see why . but , as i said , it is blessed with a superlative villain who makes the entire thing worth the tedium of the remainder . besides , this year marks the film's 10th anniversary . watch it with some friends for a good laugh and celebrate . 
battlefield earth is the worst film of 2000 , and i guarantee you that nothing else this year will even come close . in fact , i'll be surprised if i see anything this bad in the next ten years . based on the novel by scientology guru l . ron hubbard , battlefield earth begins and we immediately find out two pieces of key information . it's the year 3000 , and an alien race called the psychlos ( which sounds like a tag team of mexican wrestlers ) conquered our planet in nine minutes . ok , we are all of 10 seconds in and i have a zillion questions racing through my mind . when were we conquered ? the audience is led to believe that this happened about 1 , 000 years earlier , and if that is the case then we're going to get into a whole bunch of problems later ( trust me . . . keep reading ) . also , why don't we get to see earth get conquered ? how the hell do you make a popcorn sci-fi flick and not deliver the goods on the one event that sets up the film ? humans now live as cavemen or slave labor , and for the film's first act we focus on one particular cavemen group outside of denver , colorado . they grunt and groan and babble about monsters . so , when the psychlos conquered earth , were the only humans not captured a herd of newborn babies that crawled their way to safety in the hills ? none of these characters have any knowledge of the planet being conquered ( whenever that was ) . this is definitely not the way to start an action/sci-fi film . one of the humans wanders out into the wilderness and stumbles across what he thinks is a monster , and he begins to fight it . the " monster " turns out to be a dinosaur from an old miniature golf course . he turns around and sees all sorts of other characters from the golf course , with some shrubs growing over them . so , in 1 , 000 years this stupid little golf course has stood the test of time , with only a few weeds growing over it ? anyway , some of the humans are captured by the psychlos led by terl ( john travolta ) a smarmy and opportunistic alien planning on stealing a recently discovered gold deposit . the cavemen ( led by barry pepper ) are forced to do their bidding or whatever , but eventually they gain the upper hand and reclaim the planet , or something . so these cavemen are able to do what earth failed to do 1 , 000 years earlier ? and , we're supposed to believe that earth was conquered in nine minutes by a group of buffoonish aliens who can't even handle a few cavemen ? one of the ways the humans reclaim the planet is by taking control of abandoned air force jets and using them to fight the psychlos . so jets left unattended for 1 , 000 years are still able to fly ? please , if i leave my car unattended for two weeks i have to replace every fluid and hose under the hood . why did the psychlos leave jets around anyway ? shouldn't they have destroyed military installations during their massive nine minute campaign against us ? the psychlos refer to humans as " man animals " but yet dogs are still " dogs " . why aren't they " dog animals " ? the psychlos are after mining earth's precious resources , but for 1 , 000 years are unaware of fort knox ? why do i even care at this point ? i'm a fan of travolta's and i'm glad to see he's back on the a-list in hollywood ( despite the fact that he occasionally puts out crowd pleasing dreck like michael and phenomenon ) . but how did he possibly think this was a good movie ? and how did he think he was giving a good performance here ? he's more than capable of making a menacing villain ( see broken arrow and face/off ) but whenever his character came on screen i couldn't hold back my laughter . now despite the different facial features members of this alien race seem to have , travolta just looks like travolta . all of the other aliens have weird foreheads or other pointy bones on their face , but travolta just has a goatee . also , travolta's acts with a sort of phony upper-class snooty accent and constantly whines about bureaucratic nonsense back on his home world . ooooo , scary villain . as a producer he should know better and as an actor he should definitely know better . you can make a dumb but good sci-fi film ( i love independence day for example ) , but there is absolutely nothing entertaining about battlefield earth . i did everything i possibly could to stay awake during the screening . . . i cleaned my glasses , walked around the theater , made a grocery list , chose my lottery numbers for the week , replayed super bowl xxv in my head ( with commercials ) . . . and still was compelled to scrutinize the insides of my eyelids . by the time we actually reach the year 3000 , people should still be avoiding this film . folks , save your cash . . don't go see it , don't rent it , and don't buy it . you'd be more entertained by taking the money you'd use for this movie and just throwing it into the wind , watching it sail away ( hell , send it to us here at the jacksonville film journal . . . we'll entertain you plenty with that kind of money ) . unless of course you're just captivated by countless slow motion shots of barry pepper running , which is just about all you'll come away with from this movie . that , and a headache . [editor's note : for some reason though , the day after my screening i converted to scientology . i'm not sure why . . . something just made me feel compelled make the choice . ] 
" book " should have remained in shadows book of shadows : blair witch 2 a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman certain things in our lives are inevitable . death , sorrow , love , heartbreak , pain , joy . we expect these events . we know they're going to happen and some , we even look forward to . it's part of the human condition . we have also become accustomed to inevitable occurrences in our society . as we near the fall election , several of them are hitting us in the face . politicians exaggerate their own importance . our side is always right ; theirs is always wrong . in the end , voters are usually forced to choose the lesser of two whocares . in hollywood the one indisputable inevitable is that if a film makes big money , there will be a sequel . even if the original story doesn't merit one . even if the first film is complete in itself . even if success is a fluke . " the blair witch project " was made with a budget of $1 . 75 and exploded on the screen , raking in huge profits . the concept was brilliant . the filmmakers created a remarkable buzz that the story might be real . the film itself was even more convincing . the movie _must_ be authentic . why else would such amateurish footage be on the big screen ? the first film caught lightning in a bottle . the sequel proves you can't pour that old lightning into a new bottle . you have to give this effort some credit . it would have been easy to have made the same movie again with a new group of kids . it would have been easy , but of course , it wouldn't have worked . instead " book of shadows " acknowledges the first film as a movie and concentrates on the hysteria following its release . it's a great scheme and possibly the only entertaining way to do a sequel . unfortunately it doesn't work either . five kids spend the night in the woods at the scene of the first film . weird stuff happens and they retreat to an old factory where one of them lives . even weirder stuff happens . some people die , there's blood and knives and none of the characters have a lick of common sense . while supposedly doing serious research , the group sets up a circle of surveillance cameras in the ruins of the old house in the woods and vows to stay alert all night awaiting a visitation . then they proceed to get totally trashed on drugs and alcohol and party down with very loud , very obnoxious heavy metal music . it's a bad plan . the cast shows some early promise . a couple is doing research on a " blair witch " book . the tour guide is a former mental patient turned ebay aficionado . a goth amazon princess adds a bit of comedic relief . the obligatory hot babe is the 2000 spiritual cinematic descendent of the cute hippie chick , the cute rock and roll chick and the cute disco chick : the cute wiccan chick . the first film's unaccomplished actors came across as real people in a real situation because hours and hours of video were shot during days in the woods . this time , these unaccomplished actors just come across as unaccomplished actors . there's not one character you care about when they start shouting for no reason . although what passes for a plot starts out with a solid idea , it's ruined by poor execution . the follow-up to one of the most successful horror films ever is nothing more than a bad slasher movie . they're trapped in an old big weird house . they stupidly separate into various rooms . there are strange noises , they see scary apparitions and people disappear . ever see this movie ? seasoned documentary director joe berlinger should know better . the film features mostly cheap tricks and unnecessary gore . for a storyline filled with surprises , it's oddly predicable . " the blair witch project " was a rare triumph of style over substance . " the book of shadows " is a triumph of tedium over promise . 
as far as " mystery men " is concerned , the burning question is less " is it really as bad as it looks from the trailer ? " ( the answer there is an unequivocal " yes " ) and more " how in the name of sweet jesus did first-time director kinka usher get such a first-rate cast to act in this muck ? " " mystery men " features greg kinnear as the heavily-sponsored captain amazing and geoffrey rush as his arch nemesis ( singular ) casanova frankenstein . a veritable police lineup of hot hollywood talent plays the superhero wannabes of the title , who join forces to get c . amazing out of a tight spot when c . frankenstein puts the screws on champion city . there's william h . macy as the mild-mannered shoveler , hank azaria as the cutlery-flinging blue raja ( no knives , but a phony english accent that's just as sharp ) , ben stiller as mr . furious ( whose only power seems to be his ability to get hot under the collar ) , janeane garofalo as a crazed bowler with her father's skull interestingly preserved , wes studi as a rhetoric-spouting cowled avenger , and kel mitchell as the token ( and , adding insult to injury , invisible ! ) black guy . bringing up the rear , so to speak , is paul reubens ( yes , that's pee wee herman paul reubens ) as . . . well , let's just call him the gas man . the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked . the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they can't begin to save " mystery men " --it's just one big mess . you're better off renting the video and pressing fast-forward to get to the funny bits . i believe i counted three . 
lauded as a genius by many , stanley kubrick commands a superlative filmography that includes such critically-acclaimed films as " 2001 : a space odyssey , " " a clockwork orange , " " lolita , " and " dr . strangelove , or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb . " now , sadly , he's added " eyes wide shut " to that impeccable body of work and his final film is the first and only blot on his near-flawless copybook . kubrick , alas , should have quit while he was ahead . this much-publicized psycho-sexual tease-a-thon , with its star billing of real-life marrieds tom cruise and nicole kidman , is nothing more than one long ( two-and-a-half hours long ) boring exercise that features kubrick operating with talent wide shut . kubrick , faithless to arthur schnitzler's 1926 novella " dream story , " has confused eroticism with nudity . he has confused intellectualism with talking slowly . he has confused profundity with pretentiousness . in addition , the director has made some strange casting choices , leaving sydney pollack in and leaving accomplished performers harvey keitel and jennifer jason leigh out . pollack , the director of such box-office hits as " tootsie " and " out of africa , " is normally solid in his occasional acting stints but here he's miserably out of his depth . . . and there isn't much depth to begin with ! unhappily , there's not likely to be a director's cut of this film to determine whether the decision to exorcise keitel and leigh was the right one . in fact , with the exception of the stark black-and-white credits , snatches of baroque music on the soundtrack , and many , many grainy tracking shots down lavishly-decorated corridors , there's none of kubrick's trademark brilliance in this film . it doesn't help that the story , as delivered , is ridiculous . cruise and kidman , who bring little more than marital torpor to the project , play well-to-do new yorkers bill and alice harford . he's a doctor and she's an unemployed art gallery director and they share a central park west address . at an opulent party hosted by their friend victor ziegler ( pollack ) , alice gets a little tipsy and starts dancing with a jeremy irons-like hungarian , who's singularly determined to get her in the sack . bill , too , is seen arm-in-arm with a couple of models before he's pulled away to deal with an overdoser . back home , bill and alice smoke a little pot before alice's aggressive jealousy kicks in . as retribution , she confesses to her husband that she once had deep feelings for a naval officer she eyeballed at a hotel where she and bill once stayed . this hurtful admission sends bill into a tailspin ; he pounds the streets of the village in his heavy black overcoat struggling with black-and-white images of alice in the grip of a horny midshipman . it's all way too much for him . for revenge , bill almost has sex with a hooker . he almost has feelings for a underage girl he sees in a costume store . then he almost does the hooker's roommate . and he's almost involved in an overblown rococo orgy when an old college chum of his tips him off to a mysterious , password-protected party where everyone wears masks and " the women are incredible " ( i . e . , naked ) . this " erotic " set piece , a cult-ish bacchanal complete with chanting , incense , and lots of strategically-placed partygoers covering up the dirty , might impress the likes of hugh hefner , but it's a lot less shocking than it's intended to be . what's the big deal ? bill doesn't exactly * do * anything ( other than throw his money and credentials around ) , and alice only ever lusted in her heart . whoop-dee-doo . still , they make up at the same agonizingly slow pace--was kubrick , notorious for multiple takes , paying them at an hourly rate ? even geniuses have their bad days . " eyes wide shut " just happens to be kubrick's bad day , an unerotic , disappointing , and altogether pointless end to an otherwise memorable career . 
" america's sweethearts " has an intriguing premise and a great cast , but it isn't nearly as edgy or funny as it should be . almost all the problems with the project can be traced back to co-script writer billy crystal , who shows the same lack of discipline with the screenplay that he typically displays while co-hosting " comic relief " charity shows with robin williams and whoopi goldberg ( two other paragons of self-indulgence ) . crystal ignores a simple , but crucial , rule : for a screwball comedy to work , the characters must be placed into a rigid social setting , because only in that context will their unorthodox antics be humorous . " america's sweethearts " takes place at a press junket , where decorum must be maintained in front of the reporters . it's a promising set-up , but the screenplay quickly blows off the rules , thus dissipating the tension of the situation . by the end of the film , all the lead performers participate in a huge fight with a room full of journalists looking on , but their outbursts are only mildly amusing because the structure has been destroyed . john cusack and catherine zeta-jones play eddie thomas and gwen harrison , a beloved acting duo whose marriage hit the skids when gwen began seeing hector ( hank azaria ) , a spanish actor with an ego almost as pronounced as his lisp . of the last nine films eddie and gwen made together , six crossed the $100 million mark , but the prospects for their final effort , a space opus titled " time over time , " are far from rosy . while eddie has spent many months in a new age rest clinic fretting over the breakup , gwen's solo films have tanked . to make matter worse , the director of the movie ( christopher walken ) , a " visionary " who purchased the unabomber's cabin and had it moved to his backyard , is withholding the film from the studio , insisting that the first screening be held at the junket . desperate to win over the press , the studio elects to hire lee ( billy crystal ) , a recently fired publicist , to salvage the situation . lee hopes to turn lemons into lemonade by convincing eddie and gwen to pretend to be on the road to reconciliation . he enlists the help of kiki ( julia roberts ) , gwen's sister , personal assistant and whipping girl . what lee doesn't know is that kiki is in love with eddie , a fact that could temper her effectiveness . press junkets are a haven for control freaks . studios fly journalists in from around the world and put them up in a plush hotel , with food and drink always at hand . generally , on the evening of their arrival , writers are bussed to see the featured film , then ferreted straight back to the hotel . the next day , writers go to the studio suites and assemble in groups of five or six for roundtable interviews . every 30 minutes or so , a producer , director , writer or actor is brought into the room for a few minutes of questions , with a publicist hovering in the corner to keep an eye on things . the atmosphere is one of cordial oppression ? writers are free to ask what they want , but understand that if the studio dislikes a question , they may not be invited to future junkets . representatives from tv stations face even more restrictions . they get roughly five minutes to interview each member of the cast and crew , with the studio filming the exchanges . the " reporters " are notorious for tossing softball questions as they suck up to the stars , but to play it safe , the studios stand ready to erase the tapes if anything unpleasant occurs . placing two spoiled actors in a setting where image is everything is inspired , but the screenplay undermines the conceit . the junket is moved from the handsome , but highly confining , four seasons hotel to a plush resort near las vegas . for most of the film , the movie stars run around the sprawling grounds , completely safe from the eyes of the press . when they do deal with journalists , the " it is imperative that you be on your best behavior in front of the reporters " premise is de-clawed . gwen and eddie insult each other while the tv cameras roll , they scream at each other in a restaurant filled with the media and , at the screening of the movie , everyone connected with the film goes nuts , all without any repercussions . lee certainly isn't bothered by any of the infantile outbursts ; in fact , he makes arrangements for footage of even more inappropriate behavior to be delivered to the tabloids . is the studio angry about his handling of the combative actors ? hell no ? they feel lee is a genius for garnering so much publicity for the movie . all of which underscores how billy crystal and co-writer peter tolan screwed up their own premise : the comedy in " america's sweethearts " is based on barely-in-control people trying to contain themselves in the presence of reporters , except that it doesn't matter because any publicity is good publicity . and thus the very set-up for the film implodes , leaving smoke and dust in place of laughter . so what about the cast ? julia roberts , at her best playing the underdog , is utterly charming here , although i could have lived without flashbacks that exist solely as an excuse to show her in a fat suit ( and not a very convincing one , by the way ) . catherine zeta-jones makes a believable brat and john cusack fleshes out his obsessed character enough to make him vaguely sympathetic . by casting himself as the publicist , billy crystal allows himself to do roughly the same thing he does on " comic relief " - stay on the sidelines of the action while tossing off cornball jokes and snarky remarks . in supporting roles , hank azaria wears out his welcome fast with broad gestures and a spanish accent that speedy gonzales would have deemed " too broad . " seth green is amusing as a toadie , stanley tucci is very good as a ruthless studio head and christopher walken plays the eccentric director with suitable flair , though he has little to work with . come to think of it , " little to work with " is the operative phrase for this movie . as a hollywood satire , " america's sweethearts " is toothless . as a romance , it is at best a minor pleasure . such a good cast , such a waste of their efforts . had it not been taken long ago , a better title for the film would have been " much ado about nothing . " 
susan granger's review of " session 9 " ( usa films ) sometimes you just get more than your bargained for . . . like when boston-based hazmat elimination , run by scottish actor peter mullan and his trusty assistant , david caruso , assures a town engineer ( paul guilifoyle ) that they can remove insidious asbestos fibers from a victorian hospital facility in a week . erected in 1871 , deserted and decomposing since 1985 , the danvers mental hospital , is one of the most malevolent " locations " ever chosen for a film . the structure is so massive - with its labyrinth of rubble-strewn corridors , collapsing floors , stagnant pools of water , isolation cells , and ominous surgical chambers where experimental pre-frontal lobotomies were performed - that their task seems impossible within that time frame . and each member of their inexperienced crew ( stephan gevedon , brandon sexton iii , and josh lucas ) is coping with his own personal demons as , one by one , their minds seem to be affected by the grim areas in which they're working . the film's title is derived from salvaged reel-to-reel audio-recorded sessions involving the demonic possession of a young woman who is suffering from multiple personalities . by the time session 9 occurs so do dreadful disasters . filmmaker brad anderson obviously envisioned this as a gruesome chainsaw-massacre-type ghost story but the script lacks structure and isn't particularly scary . the conclusion is more ludicrous than convincing . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " session 9 " is a dark , gloomy 4 . silly me . . . at first , i thought that the original name of the danvers lunatic asylum bore some reference to mrs . danvers , the creepy housekeeper played by judith anderson in alfred hitchcock's truly terrifying " rebecca " that also involved a cavernous mansion called manderley . 
the plot of big momma's house is martin lawrence in a fat suit and a dress . that's not just the high-concept premise ; it's the fully-realized , all-encompassing plot . such an emphasis is not unheard-of in the world of hollywood summer entertainment . one need merely look back to last summer , when the plot of big daddy was adam sandler being an incompetent surrogate parent . the trap inherent in such an approach is that the high-concept plot idea better be pretty well-realized , or rest on the shoulders of an extremely talented performer , because you can bet there will be nothing else worth a second of your time -- not a developed character , not a provocative theme , not a witty twist . you will get 90-plus minutes of martin lawrence in a fat suit and a dress -- nothing more , nothing less . those who find martin lawrence more than an occasionally amusing screen presence may have a shot at enjoying the one-note dud that is big momma's house . others will simply stare , mouth agape , at its sheer unapologetic laziness . lawrence plays fbi agent malcolm turner , an undercover expert on a stakeout assignment with his partner john ( paul giamatti ) . dangerous convicted bank robber and murderer lester vesco ( terrence howard ) has escaped from prison , and the feds think he's headed for his former girlfriend and presumed-but-never-proved accomplice sherry ( nia long ) . sherry , however , has fled with her son trent ( jascha washington ) , possibly to visit her grandmother hattie mae ( ella mitchell ) , better known as big momma . indeed , sherry appears to be on her way , but big momma is headed out of town without knowing sherry is coming . that leaves master of disguise malcolm to go under very heavy cover as big momma and find out what sherry knows . big momma's house's bloodlines are certainly traceable to mrs . doubtfire -- director raja gosnell edited that film , and the makeup effects were similarly created by greg cannom -- but there's just as strong a whiff of tootsie in the main character's attempt to use his alternate identity to get closer to a woman . unfortunately , big momma's house makes a ridiculous decision neither of those other films made : instead of having the protagonist pose as a completely manufactured character unfamiliar to anyone elses , it places malcolm in the position of playing a friend and family member to several other characters . suspension of disbelief in big momma's house requires you to believe every other person in the film is blind and/or stupid , since no one notices that one big momma looks or sounds absolutely nothing like the other . of course , laughs trumps logic every time , and big momma's house probably still would have worked in spite of its utter disdain for common sense if it had just managed to be funny . and it misses its best possible opportunity for some great farce by ignoring the simple fact that the real big momma is set up as a foul-tempered beast , while malcolm has to be nurturing in order to get the information he wants out of sherry . unfortunately , no one involved appears to have the faintest idea how to deal with the comic gold mine involved in one real person pretending to be another , very different real person , so they fall back on an endless parade of sight gags : malcolm reacting violently to big momma's explosive diarrhea attack ; malcolm-as-momma schooling a pair of cocky teens in basketball ; malcolm trying to avoid detection as various prostheses give way at inopportune moments ; malcolm delivering a baby because big momma is the town midwife ( one of the few sequences that works ) . martin lawrence can be likeable enough at times , but there's no reason to care a whit about his budding romance with sherry because malcolm is never an independently significant character . he's just big momma without the makeup on . i won't waste time commenting on how ineptly the set-up of the escaped convict is employed , since it was clearly a waste of time to the film-makers . there are a few token scenes of lester looming as a threatening figure , but he's ultimately a distraction in a film that's really about its central visual incongruity ( and the accompanying lascivious glances at nia long's posterior ) . i'm never prepared to underestimate how appealing that idea may be to other people -- several million of them apparently found adam sandler as an incompetent surrogate parent appealing -- but i know that when a film-maker tries to throw a concept at me and pretend that it's an entire film , i duck out of the way . the gross implausibility of big momma's house might have been tolerable if it was seasoned with more big , cleverly-constructed laughs . its lack of big laughs might have been tolerable if its characters were at all relevant . big momma's house is ridiculous _and_ not funny . it's just a sad exercise in the jaded presumption that any scene should be considered wacky and hilarious if it involves martin lawrence in a fat suit and a dress . 
forget get carter . instead . . . get me a cup of coffee . what the hell has happened to all good american action movies ? did i unknowingly miss a meeting somewhere ? when did all of the bad-ass , kicking butt and taking names , gun-toting , crazed , vengeful characters of the 1980's -- from such films as commando , cobra , predator , raw deal , first blood -- suddenly turn into innocent , compassionate , sensitive , teary-eyed knuckleheads . the only place to turn these days for an honest action film is towards the east -- and i don't mean new york city . get carter -- the latest masterpiece from uber-thespian sylvester stallone -- is a prime example of large and in charge 80's action stars trying to fit back into action roles they have long since outgrown . stallone seems like that one uncle you have who tries to be cool with his members only jacket and izod polo shirt with the collar popped up . a few years ago , stallone made a movie that gave him the opportunity to gracefully exit the roles that typecast him as an action monkey . that role was sheriff freddy heflin in copland -- a strange film about redemption within a broken soul . stallone actually gave an amazing performance and it seemed he had shaken off the past . too bad get carter returns stallone to action , but with the shiny paint rusted off on the edges . get carter is a simple story . stallone plays frank carter , a vegas bruiser for a loan shark ( played with amazing gusto by the uncredited voice of actor tom sizemore ) . when frank's brother gets himself killed in a drunk driving accident , frank , feeling all guilty and mushy inside , thinks foul play is involved and travels to seattle to set right all the wrongs with the patented " carter's way " . he talks tough with his brother's wife , lends a helping had to his brother's daughter doreen ( rachel leigh cook ) , and walks around seattle in the pouring rain dressed like a lost member of the rat pack with a really bad goatee . carter finds out that his brother was involved in some bad stuff with a slimy porn king played by ultra-cool , mcqueen-esque mickey rourke , a multi-millionaire computer geek ( alan cumming ) , and a strange foreign guy ( michael caine ) who speaks in riddles and talks tough . carter stalks all of them while trying to figure out who did in his brother and how to extract proper revenge on the responsible parties . what a minute ! this sounds just like another film i saw last year , the limey . better not tell terence stamp about stallone ripping him off . actually , get carter is a remake of the 1971 british production of the same name , starring caine in the title role ( and what with his cameo here , the cleverness is astonishing ) . while stallone still carries his own weight here , the movie lacks what the original did as well : purpose . throughout the film , stallone looks like an old guy trying to act tough , while nobody is taking him seriously . his one-liners fall flat , and he seems tired and uncertain of all the actions , mental and physical , required of his character . there is even a strange homoeroticism between rourke and stallone that lends a bizarre tone to their numerous conversations -- in both fists and words . the biggest surprise in get carter is that the best job done in the film is by the versatile mickey rourke . an amazing method actor in the eighties who fell into drugs , spousal abuse , a boxing career , and an intolerable attitude towards not getting his way , rourke still brings a dangerous sense of purpose to his porn king character . he may not win any oscars , but he still ranks highly in my book . get carter has great directing , strong acting by rourke and caine , and energetic car chases that would make william friedkin proud . the only thing it lacks - as with most hollywood productions -- is a good script and proper casting . never mind that it should never have been made at all . 
a sensuous romantic comedy , about as appealing as your average lightweight tv sitcom . there is no special ingredient on the menu for what is dished out , its the kind of stuff i've seen before and was made nauseous by its silly idea of love and what it thinks is funny . the film plans to exploit the beauty and sweetness of its delicious star pen ? lope cruz , who plays a brazilian chef with a magical touch for bringing out the spices in her preparations , the aromas just sensually waft from her cooking pot , but who can't get by on looks alone in this transparently predictable story . pen ? lope was wonderful in pedro almod ? var's " all about my mother , " but here she is so visible in such a stale story , where she can only smile and tease the audience by having us see a constant barrage of cleavage shots as she bends when cooking , that she somehow looks ridiculous , as if she got egg all over her face . the best you can say about her , is that she's not to blame for this picture being so off . this exploitation of sex film without even delivering nudity or sex , is in my opinion , worst than a raunchy film that delivers what it says it will . the story is all about the love , motion sickness , and cooking ability of isabella ( cruz ) , who is born in bahia , brazil and learns to cook at an early age from her parents' cook . to cure her motion sickness , her parents tried every remedy , until they went to a spiritualist who prayed to the goddess of the sea for her cure . she is able to control it now as long as she doesn't drive a car , ride elevators , follow in dancing , and is the woman on top when making love . in other words , she has to be in control of things . in her small fishing town she falls in love with a handsome macho latin waiter , toninho oliveira ( murilo ben ? cio ) and marries him . they open up a successful restaurant , where she slaves away in the kitchen but he gets all the credit for it , even though he's a loafer . one night she catches him in bed with another girl and decides to leave for san francisco . we don't see her in flight , so i can't tell how she handled her motion sickness problem -- unless she flew the plane . she visits her friend's apartment monica ( harold perrineau jr . ) , who is a cross-dresser , blending right into the san francisco scene . to cast away her love for the irresistible toninho , she calls her spiritualist friend and gets her to cast an irreversible spell , freeing her from ever loving him again . her luck changes when a local tv producer cliff ( mark feurerstein ) gets a whiff of her cooking and storms into her cooking class as if were in a spell and presents her with her own live tv cooking show . you can really write the script from here on by yourself . . . as the despondent toninho begins to realize what a good thing he had , but things continue to go bad for him : there is a curse he caused on the fishing in his village , there is no chef to replace his wife , as the restaurant is about to close for good . so he comes to san francisco , figuring he can charm her again . he brings along with him his guitar playing musicians , the ones he used when courting her , when he serenaded her under her window . he sees his wife on tv with monica as her sidekick , the yuppie tv producer chasing after her , and sees that she is no longer charmed by him . when he sneaks on her tv show set and tries to woo her with his musical group and him singing corny love songs to her , the ratings go up and he's hired as a regular on the show . the show gets so big , that the network honchos come onboard , taking it national . but they want to change the ethnic flavor of the show , get rid of monica because he's a freak , have isabella cook with tabasco instead of the brazilian peppers she uses , and they change her ethnic dresses to low-cut vanna white type of sexy dresses . cliff , her would-be boyfriend , acts creepy and sides with the network big-shots , even though he loved everything she did . these tv scenes were not only bad stereotype scenes of tv honchos , they were revolting . it was an insult to one's intelligence . i'm sure that i'm not spoiling the ending for anyone , when i tell you that toninho reforms his macho ways and together they cook up a meal that breaks her spell of loving him again . if the film wasn't terrible enough , monica and cliff act on their attraction for each other and become lovers . it was so awkwardly done , that it had no sense of truth or humor to it . this film might as well have been made by the same network guys featured in this film , because it doesn't look or feel like an almod ? var film , the type of film it aspired to be , but more like a film that was interferred with from above . its more like a futile commercial film that is more annoying than charming and more dull than chic , as it searches for box office heaven . 
renee zellweger stars as sonia , a young jewish wife and mother frustrated by the constraints of her hasidic community in brooklyn . her husband ( glenn fitzgerald ) is a religious scholar whose all-in-a-day's-work attitude on sex fails to tame the " fire " she feels within , as so she confesses to the rebbe ( after hearing her fiery confession , the rebbe suddenly gets frisky with his pleasantly surprised wife--and dies the next morning ) . sensing her frustration , her husband's brother ( christopher eccleston ) gives her a job in his jewelry brokering business in exchange for raw , passionless sex that just fans sonia's still-burning flame . on the job , sonia befriends ramon ( allen payne ) , a cool blast of hunky puerto rican water who does his own jewelry designs when not working as a grunt in an upscale jewelry store . can fire-taming be far be that far behind for the ever-smoldering sonia ? just about everything in writer-director boaz yakin's rings false , starting with the improbably cast zellweger , who does an adequate enough acting job but simply looks too waspy for the role . a better fit would have been julianna margulies , who outshines zellweger as sonia's take-no-crap sister-in-law . some of sonia's baby steps toward liberation , such as indulging in a non-kosher egg roll in chinatown , come off as silly . yakin attempts to spice up the proceedings with a touch of magical realism--in the form of the recurring presence of sonia's long-dead brother's ghost--make the story feel even more trite than it already is . " i didn't know what to expect . it's like something you chase for so long , but then you don't know how to react when you get it . i still don't know how to react . " --michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . . . or , my thoughts after meeting him on november 21 , 1997 
vampire's is a rude , chauvinistic movie where women are portrayed as pawns of abuse , present only to pleasure men , feed vampires , readied to be bashed or beaten - till one's sensibilities is shocked by the low iq and mentality of this regressive movie . to make matters worse , the buffoons that go hunting vampires are all rednecks , and deserve to have their heads bitten off , if not , their bodies carved in half . the dilemma of hating the ? heroes' as much as the ? villains' , makes one wish that the ? hand of god' would suddenly appear and blast both parties into oblivion . james wood portrays jack crow , a man obsessed with killing vampires , whose soul reason for living is based on revenge ( they killed his parents ) , but this is not a good excuse for being more obnoxious than the vampires . as for adam baldwin , he is nothing more than a stooge who is ordered to beat women when the director shouts ? action' , and the script should have been reworked to avoid much offence against the female sex . as for the claims that the catholic church created ? dracula' , well that is the second most sacrilegious suggestion , outside the fact that priests and monks bear the brunt of the vampire fury , with enough blood spilt to make the inquisition look tame . an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers . 
i'm currently accepting all future names for drew barrymore characters . in _the wedding singer_ , she was julia gulia . in _never been kissed_ , she's josie grossie . future db character names include : janet granite , janey grainy , and for that nc-17 project in the works , jo-jo . . . aw forget it . i'll stick to my day job . this is a teen movie , all right , except the main characters aren't teens . drew barrymore is a copy editor at the chicago sun times who gets her big break as a reporter , only it's very clear from the onset that she lacks the toughness and the pushy extravertedness that marks the best of reporters . the story she's covering is not really a story , but a story in the making . she is to return to high school as a student and explain what's really going on . the irony is that drew's character , was such a dweeb first time around , that she is terrified at going back . when she does , she says the wrong things , wears the wrong clothes , and projects the " i know the answer " in class that popular kids ( or at least popular kids in the movies ) reject . at least she befriends nerdy aldys ( joan of arc's leelee sobieski--watch for her ) , who turns out to be more beautiful than those who are " supposed " to be more beautiful than her . what works : drew's geeky old-self . after a start in films that was headline driven , and a nadir of roles that had her play the sluttish character , it's a surprise to see her with bad hair , big glasses and braces . it's very funny . what doesn't work : drew's geeky new-self . come on . nobody dresses as bad as she does . couldn't she just go to _the gap_ and take suggestions ? had she dressed like princess leia it would have been better . the comedy is supposed to progress when drew's younger brother ( played with zest by david arquette ) reenlists to jump-start his baseball career . now , how in the world can somebody as nerdy ( but in a funny way ) as he can be the most popular kid in the school . . . in a day ? ! the dialogue in the film is , well , an embarrassment . her co-workers ( molly shannon , john c . reilly and gary marshall ) are in terminal hyper-drive . her teenage peers ( except sobieski ) are so inept and stupid that there's little bite from them . couldn't the filmmakers watch _heathers_ first ? lastly , i am proud to say that i caught a significant gaffe in the film . if you see the film , you'd know what i'm talking about : drew walks into a bar , has her hand stamped , and over the night associates with some rastafarians with some delicious , um , cake . she goes wild , sleeps in late . when she wakes , she rushes off to school , without showering , without noticing that her head , lying on her stamped hand all night , has transferred part of the stamp's image to her forehead , spelling " loser " . funny , eh ? . . . except that the hand would have transferred that image backwords . 
silly performances and some huge gaps in logic mar an otherwise interesting tale of an eclectic group of people stranded at " the last stop cafe and motel " due to heavy snowfall . one of the stranded is a colorado state highway patrolman ( adam beach ) who discovers a murder scene and a bag full of cash from a recent bank robbery . someone amongst the group of strangers is a bank robber and a murderer , but is it the same person or are there multiple criminals ? adam beach unfortunately was the wrong choice for the lead in this film . he doesn't play the role with enough seriousness to be believable or enough goofiness for it to be funny . his performance is stuck somewhere in the middle , and this film really needed it to be on one side or the other . rose mcgowan is cold and unpleasant to the eye as always , and jurgen prochnow . . . what on earth is he doing in this ? best performance comes from william s . taylor as a cheesy ( yet still somehow cool and confident ) wayne newton drifter type . the last stop is available on dvd from sterling home entertainment . as usual with sterling , they've filled out this dvd with extra features . the disc contains the film in its original aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , a choice of 2 . 0 dolby surround sound or 5 . 1 dolby digital surround sound , a full length audio commentary track with director mark malone , interviews with the cast and crew , the original trailer , and the usual cast and crew biographies . the film itself might not be the greatest , but sterling's effort of adding decent extra features while keeping the price affordable ( suggested retail of $19 . 95 ) makes this dvd worth the money . [r] 
i have little against remakes and updates of older films and tv series . if there's a will , there's a way ; and i believe that anything , no matter how great or revered can be effectively improved upon . this is the reason that i responded so well to gus van sant's universally panned update of psycho ; i thought it to be not only an intriguing cinematic experience , but also very on-par with an original . but i do have a big problem with remakes that are blatantly bad . you see , the point of a remake is , or at least it should be , to iron out the original's flaws and bring the work that much closer to greatness or even perfection . but what if the source material on which the remake is based isn't any good to begin with ? that is the only cinematic question pondered by the bland actioner the mod squad . i've only seen a couple episodes of the late 60s tv series on which it is based , and to be honest , i didn't like it all that much . it has a concept that -- and still is -- interesting ; a group of corrupt young adults , all in their early 20s are given a choice : they either go to jail for the various crimes that they all have committed , or they can become undercover cops , helping the police get into places that they normally wouldn't be able to access . obviously , all 3 opt for the latter option and become undercover policemen ( and policewomen ) . the three main characters here are played by claire danes , omar epps and giovanni ribisi . of the three , only danes has a real character . ribisi's dumbass 20 year old is played exclusively for laughs ; epps' slightly more intelligent one is used to create various chase scenes . when the squad's superviser gets killed off and his reputation dirtied in death , the three of them , sure that their beloved master was framed , go off and investigate on their own , discovering corrupt cops , lots and lots of expensive whores and very lucrative drug operations . all kinds of good stuff ! the only times that the mod squad comes even close to working is in its comedic moments . although ribisi is a trite actor and his characters repeat movie after movie , his man here is really rather amusing , when the script gives him a chance . epps' straight man is effectively played against ribisi's clueless spontaneity . but the rest of the film is dull , boring and singularly uninteresting . a drug-op action plot is no longer anything new , not even with teenage action heroes , and the way it's executed here , it's also nowhere near exciting or suspenseful . claire danes' character has potential , but it is buried under heaps of cliches and her performance is too restrained . she could have been a tour-de-force , but instead director scott silver puts shackles on her and simply does not allow her to do anything really significant with her role . epps and ribisi fare slightly better and do as well as can be expected , although their characters aren't nearly as rich as danes' could have been . the mod squad is a mind-numbing marketing plot of a film , and teens will jump all over it . it's full of bad dialogue , scenes and concepts that make no sense and -- get this -- drug dealers that like to tango with other guys in their spare time . nothing is remotely intriguing or worth paying for . claire danes is no longer alluring -- mainly because she's got a horrible hairdo , so that draw is out . there are , however , cool explosions , guns and chases which may lure a viewer into thinking that he or she is about to experience an exciting thriller of some sort . do not be fooled . some may call this escapist fare -- i call it escape-as-quickly-as-you-can fare . 
they should have stuck to the promise emblazoned on the original movie's poster : " no sequel . " scary movie 2 is nowhere near as funny as its predecessor , and it is not because the wayans brothers , shawn and marlon doing the writing and keenen ivory behind the camera , don't try . what defeats them is the genre they have chosen to spoof . the first movie - an outrageous , low-brow , savage satire of teen slasher flicks such as scream and i know what you did last summer - succeeded because of its take-no-prisoners attitude toward a type of film that was in vogue , familiar and popular . in scary movie 2 , the filmmakers take on the haunted house-ghost story format which , if you look at the grosses for such recent lame offerings as the respective remakes of the haunting and house on haunted hill , did not draw audiences nor enter the cultural psyche as did the various teen slasher series . scary movie 2 does start off promising with a wonderful spoof of the exorcist , featuring james wood in the max von sydow role and veronica cartwright lampooning ellen burstyn . of course split pea soup is the punch line - an overabundant amount , which offers the hope that the rest of the movie will be just as tasteless and excessive . but this pre-credit sequence has nothing at all to do with the main action , which features the cast members from the original signing up to spend a weekend at a creepy haunted mansion as part of a university class project . some of the jokes are as scatological and offensive as in the original , but they lack that take-no-prisoners bite that raised scary movie to the heights of burlesque . scary movie 2 merely lurches from one lame sendup to another , offering weak spoofs of that nike shoe ad in which everyone does acrobatics with a basketball , and the films what lies beneath and hannibal ( features that only faired adequately at the box office ) , john woo's mission : impossible 2 and charlie's angels . it is as if the wayans and their team of writers - at least seven are credited - just threw ideas in a blender and hoped they'd coalesce . they don't . while the pace of the original left you breathless , the sequel moves with the speed of an 18-wheeler carrying two tons of concrete up a steep mountain road . you can almost hear the reels panting . scary movie 2 tries very hard to live up to its original , but it falls very short . it's a dissatisfying spectacle , a very weak sister of a very good movie . the really scary aspect of this sequel is how disappointing it really is . 
the second serial-killer thriller of the month is just awful . oh , it starts deceptively okay , with a handful of intriguing characters and some solid location work . after a baby-sitter gets gutted in the suit- ably spooky someone's-in-the-house prologue , parallel stories unfold , the first involving a texas sheriff ( r . lee emery ) , a gruesome double murder , and the arrival of a morose fbi agent ( dennis quaid ) on the eve of voting for the local lawman's reelection . the second pairs a hitch- hiker ( jared leto ) with a friendly former railroad worker ( danny glover ) . they're headed west , toward the rockies and away from the murder scene . which one is the killer ? well , it doesn't really matter , 'cause when writer/first-time director jeb stuart ( die hard ) finally spills the beans , you won't take his choice seriously anyway . the whole thing goes south about an hour in , with the tale taking hairpin turns that i certainly couldn't follow . and through the whole thing there's quaid , playing with the most intense monotony this side of steven sea- gal . i guess i'm glad that i didn't walk out-- there's some nice train stuff at the end and a fun nod to dr . strangelove . 
its a stupid little movie that trys to be clever and sophisticated , yet trys a bit too hard . with the voices of woody allen , gene hackman , jennifer lopez , sylvester stallone , and sharon stone , this computer-animated yak-fest ( think toy story [1996] filled with used merchandising ) is one for the ant-eaters . the main story is the independence of a worker named z ( allen ) . he wants more to life than just digging away underground for the colony . when he finds out about ``insectopia , " a mythical place where all insects can run free , z , along with his colony's princess ( stone ) , journey out into the world to find a meaning for life . about 15 minutes into the picture , i began to wonder what the point of the film was . halfway through , i still didn't have an answer . by the end credits , i just gave up and ran out . antz is a mindless mess of poor writing and even poorer voice-overs . allen is nonchalant , while i would have guessed , if i hadn't seen her in the mighty and basic instinct , stone can't act , even in a cartoon . this film is one for the bugs : unfunny and extremely dull . hey , a bug's life may have a good time doing antz in . 
drew barrymore is beginning to corner the market on playing the girl outside - the one who's the awkward klutz or the spunky do-it-yourselfer ; the one who just doesn't fit in with the others . she has perfected these characters in movies such as " the wedding singer " and , most notably , " ever after . " now she's back , starring in what could be called a modern-day cinderella fable - " never been kissed . " you know it's a fable because she plays a copy editor at a newspaper who has her own office as well as a secretary . trust me on this one , no copy editor has seen the inside of a private office since gutenberg ( and i don't mean steve ) invented the printing press . the premise is simple . barrymore's josie geller , at 25 the youngest copy editor ever to be hired by the chicago sun-times , is assigned to go undercover and return to high school to do an expose on what today's teens are feeling and doing . josie ( she says she was named after the '70s cartoon character ) was a geek in high school , so she jumps at the opportunity for a second chance . this time , she thinks , she will get it right and be accepted by the in-crowd . now , what kind of adult - with a good job and a successful career - would actually look forward to reliving the hell that was - and is - high school and adolescence . these are among the many problems that plague " never been kissed . " screenwriters abby kohn and marc silverstein cannot get a handle of josie . their script has her capriciously switching from confident adult to ditzy , blubbering woman-child at the least provocation . and the fact that an adult would put so much stock into trying to become tight with the vapid airheads who are supposedly south glen high school's most popular girls leads you to question her maturity and mental stability . ok , so " never been kissed " is not a sociological expose of today's high school scene . however , certain rules should apply to film , and one of those is consistency of character . among the movie's problems is the ill-conceived conceit that josie would seriously strive to climb the high school food chain and , in the process , lose focus on her assignment . any competent editor would have tossed her ass out the door quicker than you could say " get me rewrite . " to be fair , barrymore is very appealing , but she is given very little to work with . she tries valiantly to get a firm grip on her character , but the script continually undermines her . barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy aspects of the script in which she tries to walk , talk and act like a cool , hip high schooler . otherwise , she is left foundering on a cliched sea of teen-age stereotypes and situations . " never been kissed " is entertaining and funny in fits and starts . it lacks consistency and a firm grasp on what it wants to accomplish . the movie's main bright spot is provided by leelee sobieski as aldys , the outsider who befriends new student josie . josie sees a lot of her former self in aldys , yet still abandons her to hang out with the popular girls . real mature . and that is the main deficiency with " never been kissed . " it's illogical , unrealistic , uneven and undemanding . it has some warm and humorous spots , but not enough to overcome its many obstacles . 
john carpenter makes b-movies . always has ( " halloween , " " escape from new york , " " the thing " ) and , by the looks of it ( " they live , " " escape from l . a . , " " vampires " ) , always will . carpenter's latest horror opus with a science fiction bent ( or science fiction outing with a schlock horror bent ) is the aptly-titled " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " ( in case , i suppose , you went looking for someone else's " ghosts of mars " ) . like all those films prefixed by the very possessive " john carpenter's , " " ghosts of mars " is an unashamed b-movie punctuated by a b-movie plot , b-movie actors , and b-movie special effects . in category one , above , we have a storyline that borders on idiotic ( and , at times , chaotic ) . dormant martians ( i . e . , swirling red gases ) awakened by meddling humans possess the souls of hapless mining colonists rendering them testy marilyn manson lookalikes . all this explained ( in flashback ) to some grand pooh-bah counsel by martian police official melanie ballard ( natasha henstridge , from the sub- " species " films ) , the only returnee on a silly-looking train . officer ballard went in to bring back incarcerated felon james " desolation " williams ; what she found was not a pretty picture . in the second category we have ms . henstridge , her blonde hair pulled back tightly and awkwardly into a ponytail , ice cube ( as the appropriately-named " desolation " ) , pam grier ( briefly , oddly--who wanted to work with whom i wonder ? ) , and a host of extras all assuming that the story and special effects were going to carry this film and therefore they didn't need to try too hard . in category number three we have , in addition to those swirling red gases and the silly-looking train , a couple of bird's-eye-view shots of a sprawling martian metropolis ( reddish also ) . state-of-the-art special effects have never been a carpenter trademark and once again the writer/director ( who seems to have no problem finding work , however ) doesn't waste any of the film's budget in that department . " ghosts of mars " is lock , laughing stock , and barrel all your standard carpenter fare : dingy interiors , cluttered exteriors , inane dialogue , lots of leather , scarred , crazed-looking aliens , and lots and lots of weaponry . the film often and always explodes into warfare without warning--spontaneously , stupidly . carpenter might like to think he's made a western here but it's a western without any real heroes , villains , or border conflicts . it's just the shootouts minus a hissing snake plissken . i never thought i'd miss the guy but i do . it's not * all * the same , however . dubbed the " one-note wonder " for his minimalist music soundtracks , carpenter seems to have graduated from simplistic ( yet effective ) scoring by highlighting his action with loud , screeching guitar work . fortunately this drowns out a lot of the dialogue . the final exchange between henstridge and , er , cube though is both audible * and * priceless . mars has proven an infertile breeding ground for hollywood in the last year or so , what with the stillborn " mission to mars " and " red planet " ( with val kilmer ) . " ghosts of mars " sadly adds to those disappointing returns ( in its opening weekend it was overshadowed by a bunch of sequels , among them " american pie 2 " and " rush hour 2 " ) . the irony is that the mars in carpenter's film feels sadly absent . there are occasional references to the red planet , of course , but the film might as well have been set in perth amboys than on earth's closest neighbor . two things keep " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " from getting a huge slap upside the head . 1 . henstridge keeps her top on ( miraculously ) , and 2 . the film doesn't pretend to be anything it's not . what that means , however , is that fans of superior , intelligent , grade a sci-fi/horror are singularly out of luck . 
before the remake of psycho appears , we've got to suffer through this remake of an earlier hitchcock film , dial m for murder . as usual , hollywood has filled it with glitz and big name stars , and it all amounts to a loud sounding nothing . the film opens with emily ( paltrow ) and david ( viggo mortensen ) 'having fun' in an loft apartment . the problem is , paltrow is married to stephen ( douglas ) , who is not too happy when he discovers this affair . if i was paltrow , though , i'd definitely go with mortensen . less wrinkles . anyhow , stephen approaches david with an interesting proposition : he'll pay him to kill his lovely wife . mortensen agrees , but the murder goes awry , and the twists keep on coming as the film progresses . unfortunately , the film dosen't progress very fast . in fact , it moves like a tortoise with arthritis ( read : very , very s-l-o-w . ) the plot moves nowhere fast , and only becomes exciting in very short bursts . not too good for a 'thriller . ' also , the performances , apart from douglas , are below par . paltrow , showing immense talent in se7en ( 1995 ) and sliding doors ( 1997 ) is strangely stilted , even unconvincing , in this movie . mortensen is a little bit better , coming across as a younger douglas , but his role isn't meaty enough to show all his talent . which leaves douglas to waltz away with the film , which is does . however , i doubt douglas finds it very hard to play a stogie smoking , drinking womanizer with a creepy underside . also popping up in the film is david suchet , playing a shifty looking detective . again , it's not a character we're seeing on the screen , it's david suchet . the director , who bought us the fugitive , piles on all the flash techniques , such as zoom-in's , quick cuts , etc . the lighting is also interesting . however , looks can't save this film from the depths of mediocre , and the film seemed to work better in a single set anyway . the screenplay is o . k , but there's some hackneyed sub-plot about douglas being a ruthless player on wall street ( again ) and the ending is surprisingly stupid and cliched . the characters also make incredibly dumb moves , especially paltrow , and stephen appears to lose all intelligence in the last reel . with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment . there are a few bright moments , but they are far and few between . the last thing a thriller should be is boring , and although the film just barely manages to keep your interest thanks to michael douglas , you wouldn't be missing anything if you decided not to watch a perfect murder . overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes 
in life , eddie murphy and martin lawrence play two young men wrongfully convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison . after about an hour of watching this movie , you begin to realize how their characters feel . fortunately , for audience members there's a chance to escape the nearest exit . this , undoubtedly , is eddie murphy's worst movie and that's an accomplishment . remember the golden child , harlem nights ? compared to life , they look like citizen kane . life is long , predictable , foul-mouthed and only intermittently funny . its 100-minute running time feels like 100 years . robert ramsey and matthew stone's script basically consist of murphy and lawrence referring to everyone around them as " motherf . . . s " or " n . . . . . s . " you lose count how many times both those obnoxious , offensive words are used . and if that all it takes to write a script , than any illiterate jackass can sit at a word processor and compose a movie . but , like life , it will probably stink . to be honest , the screening audience surrounding me in the theater yucked it up . but these were the same people who howled at all the flatulence and fat jokes as well . life is as sophisticated as a belch . it's crude and stereotypical . years ago , movies stereotypically portrayed blacks subservient , second-class people , good for being only maids and servants . for the most part , the lot of blacks and other racial groups have improved . but a new , more insidious stereotype is creeping into movies . in many recent films , through actors such as murphy and chris tuckers , blacks are presented as fast-talking , conniving , scam artists or hip-hop , gun-crazy , sex-crazed youths . both sets of caricatures are demeaning . and the fault does not rest with the actors . they have to eat , too . it is with the people who write the scripts , the studios who green-light the projects and the audiences who accept these portrayals without protest . life's only redeeming virtue is the artistry of makeup legend rick baker who flawlessly ages murphy and lawrence into 90 year olds . otherwise , life is an embarrassment , a blot on the resumes of those associated with it . see it at your own risk . 
i should have known , damn it , i should have known . ewan mcgregor - codename : " eye " - is pointing a high-tech rifle-ly gadget at a fat , bald business-oriented american engaging in illicit sexual activities in a window across the street . we get the requisite electro-green through-the-sight view . we the audience , seeing a high tech rifle-ly gadget , of course think that eye is going to assassinate the target , but instead , he pulls the trigger and the rifle takes twenty or so hazy , low-quality photographs , which eye then proceeds to fax and e-mail to everyone in his target's office . all right , so thirty seconds in , i was slightly befuddled by this seemingly pointless rifle/camera , but i was still open minded . . . maybe there's a really good reason for it . i've got reason to believe , you see - i admire a lot of ewan mcgregor's previous work . . . and he's obi wan ke- friggin-nobi for god's sake . and director stephan elliot's last movie priscilla , queen of the desert was a quirky little delight . there's some genuine talent involved here . i think at the twenty minute mark , there was still a spark of hope in my heart . eye has been assigned to investigate the leader of his organization's son ( i still have no idea what this organization was - british intelligence ? national spy ring ? private investigation ? ) , who is apparently stealing from his trust fund . he has received his assignment from k . d . lang , through an elaborate and expensive teleconferencing briefcase . when eye tracks his target to an expensive- looking secluded house , he witnesses a mysterious and beautiful woman ( ashley judd ) take a knife out and proceed to stab the poor bastard . ok , that's odd , i think to myself , this could be interesting . then she starts to cry , and through her tears exclaims " merry christmas , dad ! " for the first time . so begins our tale of obsession . . . or . . . something . the rest of the movie involves ewan mcgregor's eye character following ashley judd around to every corner of the united states , totally and completely obsessed by this woman from afar . throughout his entire professional life , he has been a voyeur ; so when he falls for someone , the only way he can handle it is to watch and drool through telescopes and cameras . fine , that's a lovely premise , i suppose . but gosh darn it , if you're going to go there , you better have some sort of explanation . and that's precisely where this film fails . this is the kind of movie that pisses me off . it's an abortion , a collection of half-formed and wasted ideas that amounts to absolutely nothing in the end . it pretends it is something that it is not - a surreal and deep psychological character study wrapped in a high-tech thriller . here , the filmmakers have confused " surreal " and " deep " with " vaguely unclear " and " crammed full of insultingly obvious metaphors . " i never , even for an instant , had the foggiest idea why eye would fall so in " love " with this woman who changes wigs and kills people . the movie offers only two explanations , neither of which make a lick of sense . explanation number one : the obnoxious presence of eye's imaginary daughter , who was taken away from him by his wife some time ago , tells him he shouldn't leave ms . judd . explanation two , which by the end of the film has been beaten into our heads through imagery and dialog and even the title of the movie : " beauty is in the eye of the beholder . " whoo hoo , that helps , thanks a bunch , case closed . that's as deep as it gets , folks . there is an attempt at an explanation in the final minutes , which , instead of tying everything together , ends up being as profound as a clever sixth-grade mad lib . there are secondary characters that move in and out of the picture and serve little or no purpose except to make the audience wonder what the hell the point was . my personal favorites include : the prison-matron modeled after austin powers' frau farbissina , who apparently taught ms . judd everything she knows about wearing wigs ; jason priestley's awfully played dirty desert vagrant #1 , who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la blue velvet , but fails miserably ; and the cop-who-sees-ashley-fleeing-an-accident-scene-and- then-wants-to-pay-for-sex- but-is-shot . each one in this sad little parade is a little more pointless than the last . the script pays no attention to the laws of time and space . any time one of the frequent location changes occurs , the camera zooms in on a souvenir snow globe , and minutes , weeks , or years could have passed . bewilderingly inane stylistic decisions plague the whole affair - one character passes a glass of cognac to another in a slow-motion close-up awash in a lot of bass . ewan mcgregor at one point takes up residence in a bell tower just so he could be repeatedly awakened and deafened by the giant bell . jason priestly starts philosophizing about sharks , then laughs maniacally . . . cut to random guy with eye patch . . . iguana out of focus . . . iguana comes into focus . wow , man . when i found out afterward that this film was based on a novel , it came as no surprise to me . there are plenty of elements here that , if extended and fleshed out more , would have made for a decent story . and i wouldn't be surprised if i found out there was an hour and a half of footage cut from this movie lying in a landfill somewhere , or waiting in the wings for the dvd special director's cut . . . not that anything would ever possess me to purchase such a thing to find out what i was missing . the last ten or so minutes featured a conversation between the eye and the judd that was supposed to be some sort of revealing exposition . some guy in the back of the theater was talking on his cell phone , and this time i didn't particularly care all that much because what was happening on the screen was a steaming pile of unholy crap ; the audience around me chuckled and whispered sentiments similar to what i was thinking . someone near cell-phone-guy did eventually yell , " shut the hell up ! " , but it was a lot funnier when we thought he was talking to the screen . 
" practical magic , " is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it makes you wonder how such talented and high-profile actors would even get involved in an embarrassing clap-trap like this one . the film stars sandra bullock and nicole kidman as sally and gillian owens , two sisters whose family comes from a long line of witches , spanning back 200 years . at the start , their parents die when they are still children , and they go to live with their two zany aunts ( stockard channing and dianne wiest ) . switch to the present day , gillian , who is the stronger , more rebellious sibling , leaves home , and meets up with a dark , abusive guy ( goran visjnic ) , while sally stays in their hometown , meets and falls in love with a sweet , caring man , has two children , and then is devastated when her husband is hit by a truck and killed ( come to think of it , she's not too devastated since she gets over it in about two minutes ) . when gillian calls sally to come get her after having another abusive spat with visjnic , they accidentally murder him , and in desperation , bury the body in the backyard of their aunts' house . add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light-hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy " practical magic " is . after seeing the film , i reflected that there was not even one scene , or element , that i liked or enjoyed . it is a comedy , to be sure , but all of the humor falls astoundingly flat , and the occasional dramatic moments are the least bit touching . it is not charming or entertaining in any way . and then to top it off , we've got this dark , but bird-brained story of an evil spirit taking over gillian's body . whatever . the characters are handled terribly , and actually , most of the actors do not have the fortune of even getting to be what you could call a character . there is no reason why channing and wiest should have decided to be in this film , and in every scene involving them , they are always standing side-by-side . no attempt is made to flesh them out into actual people . the same goes for aidan quinn , as a handsome police investigator , who has the misfortune of being the romantic lead opposite bullock , even though he comes into it at around the 70-minute mark , and once again , there is no attempt to develop their relationship , or his character , in any way . in fact , every line of dialogue in the film is in service of moving the plot along , rather than getting to know the people saying the lines . i should have know i was headed for trouble during the opening credits , when i found out the screenplay was written by the deeply hated akiva goldsman , who managed to destroy the " batman " series with " batman forever " and " batman and robin . " " practical magic " is directed by griffin dunne , primarily an actor , who last year made the contrived , clumsy romance , " addicted to love , " with meg ryan and matthew broderick . i disliked that movie quite a bit , but since " practical magic " is even worse , that can only give you a taste of what a talentless filmmaker he is . i'd tell him to quit while he's ahead , but in these last two years , he's ultimately already buried himself . 
fact that charles bronson represents one of the most important movie icons of the 1980s represents one of the biggest and almost tragic ironies of that decade . tragedy lies in the fact that the icon status was earned less by quality of his work in movies , but the quantity . most of those movies were produced by cannon group , company led by israeli producers menahem golan and yoram globus . those two men probably thought that they could be the next roger corman , b- movie mentors of future hollywood legends . unfortunately , that didn't happened , and when cannon finally went bankrupt at the end of the decade , behind it stood the huge pile of cinematic garbage , that would require at least few centuries before it reaches the camp appeal . sadly for bronson , that garbage also contained numerous movies in which that capable character actor and action hero of the 1970s tried to raise their worth simply by being the main lead , and lowering his own reputation in process . on the other hand , bronson could take comfort in a fact that those movies were extremely popular , especially among the audience 3 or 4 times younger than bronson himself . one of such movies that seriously marred bronson's reputation is death wish 3 , third sequel in the series which began with death wish in 1974 . in the original movie , bronson played paul kersey , mild-mannered new york architect who turns into deadly street vigilante after his family fell victim to urban violence . that movie was far from masterpiece ; yet , in it the director michael winner was skillfully offering the cinematic remedy for very real disease of growing crime rates of the time ( on the same lines like siegel in dirty harry ) . unfortunately , six years later cannon group got rights to the character of paul kersey and began destroying it by pumping out sequels ; even the presence of its original director didn't stop the rapid decline of the quality . death wish 3 begins when kersey comes to visit an old friend , living in the urban wasteland of east new york , populated by young criminals and people too old or too poor to move out . before the reunion , kersey's friend falls victim to the street gang led by evil fraker ( played by gavan o'herlihy , probably the only noteworthy role in the film ) . kersey decides to avenge his death and slowly prepares for his crusade , while the police inspector shriker ( ed lauter ) , ants to use him as a secret weapon in his losing war against the urban crime . bronson , the main asset in this movie , plays the character who is nothing more than an efficient killing machine . although bronson's charisma does help in overcoming some implausibilities ( single man in his 60s and armed with a single pistol manages to wipe out dozens of opponents with superior firepower ) , the lack of emotions or bronson's own commitment could be seen in a very few lines spoken in a film . the movie authors were somewhat aware of that emotional shallowness , so they added romantic interest for their hero - public defender played by deborah raffin and conveniently terminated in order to give some more motives for kersey's crusade . on the other hand , emotions are much better played by confronting law-abiding , yet ethnically stereotyped citizens with their daily nemesis of street punks - ruthless enough to exercise their reign of terror on the entire city blocks , and stupid enough to be killed in droves by kersey . unfortunately , michael winner doesn't know how to work out the plot , and after torturing the viewers with mostly uninteresting characters and cliched and formulaic situations , ends this movie with a bang . the big showdown at the end - that turns east new york into the sarajevo-like battle zone - is probably the worst part of the movie , because of the poor editing and the cheap sets and props that give away the low budget . in short , this movie could be recommended only to the most fanatical charles bronson fans or for the people who are already desperate for 1980s nostalgia . ( special note for trekkies : marina sirtis , the actress who played counsellor deanna troi in star trek : the next generation could be spotted in a small role of portorican wife ) . 
jean-claude van damme movies tend to be , if nothing else , a lot of mindless fun . his latest film , " knock off , " skips on the fun part leaving a wildly incoherent exercise that is , well , simply mindless . you can't really blame van damme . no one , i suspect , has ever expected " the muscles from brussels " to contribute a heartfelt performance brimming with introspection and delicate shades of gray . and even his sidekick co-star , " saturday night live " alumnus rob " makin' copies " schneider , does what's expected of him , although neither appear to want the role of straight man . no , the problem with the film is its direction . the first five minutes of the film are incomprehensible . . . and it goes downhill from there ! five hundred characters , it seems , are introduced within the first fifteen minutes . van damme doesn't land his first kick until after thirty--too late for most action fans--and by the time the hour mark has rolled around , your jaw will be on your cup holder and you'll be wondering why you elected to spend seven dollars on this mess . director hark tsui , whose previous film was the van damme/dennis rodman teamed " double team , " films at such a frenetic pace that it's hard to know what's going on , who's on whose side , and what the point of all this is . faster than you can yell " fruit stand ! " we're watching a crazed rickshaw race with schneider being bounced along by an energetic van damme . when schneider starts whacking van damme in the behind with a four-foot eel while enthusing " move your beautiful big ass , " the movie takes an unprecedented turn to the bizarre . every now and again " knock off " will deliver some truly ingenious directorial flourishes--inventive camera shots and angles , wild rides down gun silencers and from the tops of buildings to the sprawling street below , revealing cut-ins within the frame--but they all happen too quickly , and within such a furious frame of reference , that they're wasted . if only hark could have slowed things down just for a minute . if you're interested in the plot , you're better off reading a capsule review than trying to extract any meaning from the on-screen shenanigans : " jean-claude van damme plays a shady bluejeans manufacturer who uncovers a russian mafia plot to terrorize the world with " nanobombs " hidden in cabbage patch knock-offs . maybe . with paul sorvino . " a more accurate summary would be " jean-claude van damme bums around hong kong failing to avoid large , blatant coca-cola product placements . " the fact that the film is staged during hong kong's last days under british rule gets some lip service but doesn't figure in at all . perhaps " knock off " 's most intriguing credit is that ron and russell mael composed the frenzied music score . some of you might remember the mael brothers as the '80s synth pop duo sparks ; their contributions here are as confused as the accompanying action-- " kimono my house " indeed ! like the cheap jeans and " pumma " sneakers manufactured in hong kong , van damme's latest is a real phony . 
in 1970s , many european intellectuals , especially those on the left political hemisphere , became obsessed with the rise of fascism . which wasn't so hard to expect , because the social turmoil of 1960s and economic decline of 1970s seemed to be the breeding ground for many dangerous ideologies . in such times , when political involvement could be associated with noble passion , many filmmakers tried to warn the present generations of dangers that lurk ahead by giving the look of pre-war europe and circumstances that led to phenomena like fascist italy and nazi germany . of course , there were authors who jumped on the bandwagon for other , less noble reasons . for them , moral depravity of fascism could be explained to the audience by explicitly showing sexual depravity of those era . which , naturally , made some of those films very popular among teen audience . one of such filmmakers was italian director tinto brass , who later made career shooting expensive , stylish soft porn . salon kitty , his 1976 film , is very losely based on the novel by peter nordern , book that deals with bizarre yet true story that took place in the first years of ww2 . in 1939 , walter schellenberg , one of the heads of nazi intelligence service has set up the elite , exclusive brothel in berlin with clientele comprised of top nazi officials and foreign diplomats . none of the customers knew that the girls were all nazi agents , and that all the rooms happened to be bugged . the most bizarre thing is the fact that not even kitty , nominal madame of the brothel , didn't know the real purpose of that enterprise . screenplay by tinto brass , of course , simplifies the story and changes few names . schellenberg is now wallenberg ( helmut berger ) , ambitious nazi official who wants to use the brothel in order to blackmail his way to the top . kitty kellerman ( ingrid thulin ) , apart from being madam , has a second job as a cabaret singer . caught in the net of depravity is sweet , innocent girl margerithe ( theresa ann savoy ) thrown into brothel . there she falls in love with customer hans reiter ( bekim fehmiu ) , disenchanted pilot of luftwaffe . when margerithe discovers that her lover had been executed for defeatist speeches he made in the brothel , she finds out that the place is bugged . she informs the madam of the real situation , and both women decide to confront wallenberg . those who tend to bash benigni for exploiting holocaust as the topic of comedy would probably go bananas watching this film , that uses the darkest pages of european history for cheap sexploitation . but , although salon kitty doesn't happen to be anything more than rather more stylish and expensive soft porn ( although not very successful ; some of supposedly erotic scenes are quite unappealing ) , it does try to have more multidimensional characters and even something resembling dramatic conflict - this time between power-hungry and scruples wallenberg and hedonistic womanhood symbolised by kitty . unfortunately , brass seems to overuse other cinematical references , probably thinking that he could repeat the successful interaction of berger and thulin in luchino visconti's the damned , but the most noticeable and irritating is ingrid thulin's unsuccessful attempt to imitate lisa minelli's musical numbers from cabaret . all in all , salon kitty is failure , although with some very interesting moments . 
by trying to satisfy every kind of viewer , it's possible that sphere may end up pleasing no one . action lovers will be bored by what they will see as an interminably boring setup . audience members who crave more intellectual fare will be disgusted by the film's sudden collapse into mindless storytelling and by the ending , which is an insulting cop-out . somewhere out there , maybe there's a small cadre of film-goers who will appreciate sphere's dubious charms , but i'm not among them . i sincerely hope the novel is better than the movie ( i no longer read anything by either michael crichton or john grisham ) , because if the finished motion picture product is anything to go by , it's hard to understand why the rights were optioned . sphere is the kind of first- class mess that only a top-line director with an a-list cast can create . with expectations high ( and how could they not be , considering that another barry levinson/dustin hoffman collaboration , the excellent wag the dog , is still playing in theaters ? ) , something this bad can't help but look even worse . the last time a big-name , big-budget film displayed this level of ineptitude was last year's batman & robin , and everyone knows how that movie was received . sphere starts out a little like an amalgamation of contact and james cameron's the abyss , but , somewhere along the way , it collapses into the cellar with another recent science fiction effort , event horizon . science and philosophy , which are used to good effect during sphere's first hour , give way to mindless , confusing action sequences . attempts at characterization fall apart . intelligent writing , which is evident early on , is replaced by hackneyed drivel . special effects take over as the plotline devolves into incoherent silliness . but all that is just in preparation for the ending , which is inexcusably awful . this is the time-honored deus ex machina device used to its worst effect . i left the theater feeling cheated by the way crichton and his screenwriters had chosen to end the film . there is some promise , but it's all in the setup . we're introduced to norman goodman ( dustin hoffman ) , a psychologist who once wrote a $35 , 000 report for the government about what to do in the event that a crashed space ship is discovered . when one is found in the middle of nowhere , 1000 feet below the surface of the pacific ocean , norman is called in to be part of the welcoming committee . on the team with him are beth halperin ( sharon stone ) , a biochemist who was once his student and lover ; harry adams ( samuel l . jackson ) , a mathematician who earned his first doctorate at the age of 18 ; ted fielding ( liev schreiber ) , an astrophysicist who is awed by the opportunity to explore alien technology ; and harold barnes ( peter coyote ) , the government operative in charge of the mission . together , the five descend into the bowels of the ocean , where they rendezvous with a temporary sea base on the ocean floor from which they will attempt to make first contact . for a while , sphere had me fooled into thinking it was going to take an astute approach to the man-meets-alien situation . the overall scenario is not without promise and several plot twists ( such as the revelation that the enormous craft is actually an american space ship , apparently from the future ) offer intriguing possibilities . then , right around the one-hour mark ( that's the time to sneak into the theater next door and check out whatever's left of titanic ) , the virtually non-stop action begins , and , once it starts , the script becomes superfluous . this might be acceptable if director levinson generated some legitimate tension , but , instead , he relies on loud , overbearing music , strange camera angles , and quick cuts to make things " exciting . " additionally , because none of the characters are well-formed ( a common failing in anything penned by crichton , who's more interested in technology than people ) , viewers don't develop much of a rooting interest . it makes sitting through sphere a frustrating and pointless experience . what about that a-list cast ? not surprisingly , the most energetic performance is given by samuel l . jackson , but his harry isn't a person ; he's a walking plot device spouting occasionally-witty dialogue . dustin hoffman isn't lively or particularly good -- it's ironic that this , which may be his worst work in a decade , has arrived in theaters on the heels of his best actor nomination ( for wag the dog ) . sharon stone and peter coyote are both flat . their characters exhibit little evidence of emotion ; automatons would have been as effective . then there's queen latifa , who , despite getting fifth billing in the credits ( ahead of liev schreiber , who boasts at least quadruple her screen time ) , has less than a handful of lines and almost nothing to do other than inflate the body count . i like to think that levinson and hoffman , recognizing how uninspired this movie was likely to be , chose to make wag the dog as a sort of penance ( the low-budget picture was filmed during sphere's lengthy pre-production phase ) . if that's the case , forgiveness is granted . i'm less inclined to look favorably upon crichton , although he has a few enjoyable titles on his resume ( jurassic park and the levinson-directed disclosure come to mind ) . even if his novel was butchered in the adaptation process , crichton's credit as a producer disallows him absolution . he was a willing participant in a creative travesty . no wonder sphere is being released in february , in the midst of the early year's cinematic wasteland . it deserves no better than to get sunk by the unstoppable titanic , which should plow sphere under on its way to a ninth-consecutive weekend atop the box office heap . 
the blues brothers was a wonderful film , a hilarious comedy packed with good music . it cried out for a sequel , but john belushi's untimely death seemed to eliminate the idea . however , eighteen years have passed , and the long dormant sequel has finally emerged . unfortunately , it's a sequel not worthy of the original . the film starts exactly eighteen years after the first one ended . elwood blues ( dan aykroyd ) is just getting out of jail , his brother jake having recently died . as in the first film , he first visits mother mary stigmata ( kathleen freeman ) and then sets about getting the band back together . john belushi's absence leaves a terrible hole in the film , and although three new characters are created to fill the void , it is still very noticeable . first , there's cabel ( joe morton ) the illegitimate son of elwood's stepfather ( played by cab calloway in the first movie ) . cabel is reluctant to join his destiny , and spends most of the movie as an illinois sheriff , chasing the blues brothers band . next , there's mighty mack ( john goodman ) , a bartender who becomes the new lead singer of the band . finally , there's buster ( j . evan bonifant ) , a ten year old orphan who tags along with elwood and eventually joins the band . the plotting of the film is hardly original . . . it seems to be almost a clone of the original . elwood has to go to reluctantly retrieve each member of the band , they then travel , while being pursued by the police , and perform at several odd stops until they finally reach the big concert finale . the first film had neo-nazis as the random element , this time around , the russian mafia and a militia group fill their role . in fact , the duplication of the plot is so ridiculously complete that certain scenes are practically identical to the original . remember the classic performance at country bob's ( where they like both types of music : country and western ) from the first movie ? well , this movie has a performance at a country fair , where the band is expected to play bluegrass music . there's the massive police car pileup , although this time the gag falls completely flat . there's even an exact replica of the conversion scene in the church of reverend cleophus ( james brown ) . there are plenty of recurring characters too . in addition to mother stigmata and reverend cleophus , aretha franklin reprises her role as mrs . murphy . frank oz , a prison guard in the first film , makes an appearance here as the prison warden . as the stars , the new blues brothers don't live up to their legacy . aykroyd is more loquacious , yet much flatter as elwood . john goodman barely has a character as mighty mack . joe morton has the deepest character , but not a terribly interesting one , as cab . and what's the deal with the orphan ? it plays like a desperate gimmick that doesn't mesh at all with the rest of the film . at least bonifant isn't as precocious as he could have been in the role . but the true star , and the only saving grace , of the film is the music . and the film is packed with it ( even during and after the ending credits ) . although there are no brilliant mergers of comedy and song as in the original's rawhide/stand by your man medley , the music is very much enjoyable . to top it off , the film is packed to the gills with cameo musician appearances . b . b . king , blues traveler , eric clapton , travis tritt , wilson pickett , erykah badu , bo diddley and steve winwood are just a sampling of the multitude of stars that make an appearance here and there . unfortunately , the music pauses here and there to allow in the familiar plot . if simply copying the original blues brothers wasn't bad enough , writers aykroyd and john landis dumb it down , removing any memorable characters , and replacing them with flashy , but unbelievable , magical gimmicks . it's a shame . buy the soundtrack and avoid the film . better yet , rewatch the original . . . you'll have a much better time . 
in double jeopardy , the stakes are high . think of the plot as a rehash of sleeping with the enemy , and then rearrange the details and the gender of the stalker . the finished product , although able to maintain the viewer's attention , is a predictable and unexciting thriller with an idiotic script . `alex , i'll take homicide for $400 . . . ' libby parsons ( ashley judd ) is a happily married mom leading a normal life . one night , her husband nick ( bruce greenwood ) takes her out for a romantic escape on a sailboat . libby awakens in the middle of the night to find she is covered in blood and nick has strangely disappeared . she follows a trail of bloody footprints up to the deck , where she handles a fallen knife ( like any stupid character ) and is spotted by the coast guard , who are responding to a distress signal sent earlier in the evening . nick is presumed dead , and although she pleads her innocence , libby is tried and convicted for the murder of her husband . now , please don't think i'm spoiling any vital plot details , because the informative trailer has already spilled most of the beans . if you haven't seen this preview , don't read any further . but seriously , the inane screenplay by douglas weisberg and douglas s . cook is so elementary that the average viewer will be two or three steps ahead of the characters . during the most vital scenes in the movie , i was anticipating every twist or `surprise' that eventually popped up on the screen . i imagine the writers presume their core audience for double jeopardy is a very naive group of individuals . most , unfortunately , will be too distracted by the moronic plot to appreciate the few positive aspects of the production . one is tommy lee jones , who plays travis lehman , a parole officer given the tedious task of watching over libby after she serves her sentence in prison . jones is always wonderful as an authority figure , and he's certainly familiar with this sort of role ( as he played so well in the fugitive and us marshals ) . judd , as a likable heroin with gusto , also has a chance to flex her acting abilities . while emotionally unconvincing , the actress is tremendously fun in her juvenile role , perking up the movie like an injection of anti-depressant . the actors , and their relationship together , present the one-two punch that prevents double jeopardy from derailing itself entirely . and now , back to the plot . while behind bars , libby learns an interesting little bit of information : a person can't be convicted of the same crime twice . this law , called `double jeopardy' , could be her motive for hunting down her husband . . . who may still be alive . yes , you heard right . the movie degenerates into a cross-country chase , where everything you expect to happen . . . does . the final scenes , which could have redeemed the film , are poorly handled by director bruce beresford - whose previous work centers highly around drama ( driving miss daisy , paradise road ) . ironically , it is those elements - like the driving force of libby to reunite with her son - that don't quite work here . at least double jeopardy is paced well enough to satisfy diehard fans of the two stars . unfortunately , jones lacks some of the edge that he had as sam gerard in the fugitive , and the real depth of his character is only skin deep . but he and ashley judd are more than welcome considering the material , and both have some memorable comic moments . judd , in particular , has a hilarious scene in which she wards off an oncoming male by explaining she has to check in with her `parole officer' . hmmm . . . perhaps this would have made a good comedy . it is disappointing , because there are the makings of a competent action film here . it's nicely shot and choreographed in downtown vancouver , and will entertain those who aren't turned off by the woeful story-line . ? tis a shame that double jeopardy is an adult thriller that wouldn't fool most children . 
after a marketing windup of striking visuals and the promise of star caliber actors , mission to mars ends up throwing a whiffleball . fiercely unoriginal , director depalma cobbles together a film by borrowing heavily from what has gone before him . there are aliens similar to those in close encounters of the third kind . the stranded astronaut theme is reminiscent of robinson crusoe on mars . the astronauts encounter space flight difficulties that smack of apollo 13 . interior spacecraft visuals are redolent of 2001 : a space odyssey . instead of using these components as a launching pad to create his own movie , de palma stops right there , refusing to infuse the film with anything even remotely resembling cleverness or heart . mission to mars takes it's first wobbly steps at a pre-launch barbeque in which the perfunctory character introductions are done . during these surface scans of the characters , we learn that jim mcconnell ( sinise ) has lost his wife . it's a plot point revisted throughout the film with jackhammer subtlety . the rest of the crew exhibit a bland affability . there is no contentiousness , no friction to add the the dramatic tension of these men and women being confined to close quarters for an extended length of time . maybe depalma was going for the comraderie of the right stuff , but in that movie , the astronauts had embers of personality to warm us through the technical aspects . it's the year 2020 and this is nasa's first manned excursion to the red planet . a crew , led by luke graham ( cheadle ) , arrives on mars and quickly discovers an anomaly , which they investigate with tragic results . graham is able to transmit a garbled distress call back to earth . in response , earth sends a rescue team comprised of mcconnell , woody blake ( robbins ) , wife terri fisher ( nielsen ) and phil ohlmyer ( o'connell ) . obstacles are put in the crew's way and and they matter-of- factly go about solving them . i should say , mcconnell goes about solving them . time and again , mcconnell is presented as some kind of wunderkind , which wouldn't be so bad if the rest of the crew didn't come across as so aggressivelly unremarkable . ( mention should be made of the misogynistic handling of fisher in a situation where the entire crew's mission and life is in mortal danger . on a team of professionals , she is portrayed as an emotion directed weak link . women serve no purpose in the movie other than to serve as a reflection of a male character's personality trait . ) by the time they land on mars and try to solve the mystery of what occurred , mission to mars starts laying on the cliches and stilted dialogue with a heavy brush . there is an adage in film to " show , don't tell . " mission to mars does both . repeatedly . characters obsessively explain the obvious , explain their actions as they are doing them , explain to fellow astronauts facts which should be fundamental knowledge to them . the film's conclusion is momumentally derivative , anti-climatic and unsatisying . as i walked out i wondered who the target audience might be for this film . the best i could come up with is pre-teen age boys , but in this media saturated era , this film's components would have been old hat even for them . i have to think what attracted such talent to this film was the lure of making a good , modern day b-movie . the key to such a venture is a certain depth and sincerity towards the material . i felt no such earnestness . 
back in february at the monthly los angeles comic book and science fiction convention , new line cinema put on a lavish presentation for its big-screen update of the cult 1960s sci-fi tv show lost in space , complete with in-person appearances by cast members mimi rogers , matt leblanc , lacey chabert , jack johnson , and even gary oldman . that should have set off my warning alarms--the last time such an extravagant film presentation took place at the convention was nearly five years ago , when none other than arnold schwarzenegger made an in-person cameo to peddle . . . last action hero . but no , like millions of others , i bought into the hype and " got lost . " if only i had gotten lost--literally--on the way to theatre and spared myself the tedium of this sloppily slapped-together blockbuster wannabe . you may find yourself wondering if director stephen hopkins and screenwriter akiva goldsman were lost themselves when they made the film . at the convention , goldsman claimed to be a rabid fan of the original television series , and if that really is the case , i'd hate to see what he does with concepts he only has mild interest in . to say that his script lacks narrative cohesion is to imply that there is a narrative to begin with--which there most certainly is not . after the setup , in which the robinson family--father john ( william hurt , looking and sounding as spaced out as he does in interviews ) , mother maureen ( rogers , wasted ) , daughters judy ( heather graham , ditto ) and penny ( a heavily made-up chabert , looking like a junior version of neve campbell in wild things ) , and son will ( young newcomer johnson , making the best of it ) --and pilot don west ( leblanc , doing a bad han solo impression ) find themselves lost in space after their ship is sabotaged by evil stowaway dr . smith ( a watered-down but still-lively oldman , cashing a paycheck and loving every minute ) , the script's " stream " of events becomes so fragmented and random that it seems to be made up as it goes along--and hopkins does little to make what does go on the slightest bit interesting . they encounter another ship . they board it . alien spiders attack them . they return to their ship . the other one explodes . they land on a deserted planet . and so on . an attempt at a plot involving time travel occurs in the third act , but goldsman doesn't seem to understand the rules that come with using such a story device ; when one character's past self dies , the future incarnation inexplicably lives on . the look and effects should be lost in space's ace-in-the-hole , but hopkins even manages to botch that . for a big-budget film , the visual effects are incredibly shoddy . in one composite background shot , i could see the blue outline around oldman ; the various digital effects for the space battle scenes look like . . . digital effects . but nothing in those shots is as jaw-droppingly unconvincing as blawp , a monkey-like space creature that becomes penny's pet . entirely computer-generated and every inch showing it , blawp looks like it was lifted directly from a sony playstation game . apparently hopkins thought the same and tried desperately to hide it ; how else can one explain the graininess of blawp's composite shots with the human actors ? but in doing so , the seams are that much more obvious . you have to be severely visually impaired to not be distracted when a grainy shot of penny and blawp is immediately followed by a crystal-clear solo reaction shot of judy . new line is hoping lost in space will become a big franchise much like the long-running star trek cash cow at paramount . i don't think so . in a few years , the lost in space movie will likely live on not as a series but as the obscure answer to a trivia question : what film ended titanic's 15-week reign at the top of the weekend box office ? 
a movie laced with a good blend of action , comedy , and a heavy dose of musical celebrity guest appearances sounds pretty gourmet , but even the best ingredients can be thrown together in the wrong way , creating a dismal and unsatisfactory product . eighteen years after the blues brothers hit theaters , blues brothers 2000 is being unleashed , minus half of its original duo ( the late john belushi ) and nearly all of its original charm . dan aykroyd reprises his role ( as well as his co-writing credit ) as elwood blues , the sharp dressed con man who wreaked havoc on a self-proclaimed " mission from god " along with his brother jake and their blues brothers band nearly eighteen years ago . as we begin , elwood is being released from a state penitentiary along with the news of his brother's death in prison years ago . completely on his own , elwood decides to trace his roots back to the orphanage where he spent his childhood , only to discover that everyone he has ever known has passed away . but elwood isn't completely without family . it seems he has a half-brother of sorts - not a real brother mind you , just the illegitimate child of his bluesman pseudo-father curtis ( cab calloway from the first film ) , who has also passed on . despite inklings from mother superior mary stigmata ( kathleen freeman ) to do otherwise , elwood seeks out his only remaining family in an effort to start up an all new blues brothers band . working as a police commander , cabel chamberlain ( joe morton ) , has an immediate disliking for elwood , who nonchalantly fills cab in on his mother's affair years ago and then goes on to steal his wallet . following elwood around is the lonely orphan buster ( j . evan bonifant ) , who quickly learns to become a mini-elwood . when bartender mighty mack mcteer ( john goodman ) joins the group , the blues brothers band is complete , and once again , the group travels the country , crashing cars , blowing things up , and obstructing peace with more than just solid blues rock . meanwhile , cab's personal vendetta against elwood leads him on an impassioned manhunt for his next-to-next-of-kin . >from this point , the movie turns into a series of music videos with a few bits of acting in between . those hoping for an interesting and/or funny yarn are given too many musical interludes while those heavily interested in the music are given too much of a story . only the extremely avid blues fans should attempt getting thru these two hours . for those people , it may be worth it , for luckily there is much more music than shoddy attempts at acting , but when the story does intrude upon the festivities , the film is heavily bogged down with unfunny jokes , musicians turned stiff actors , and the pointless 10-year- old buster attempting to add some sort of home alone cuteness to the whole thing . appearances by musical legends such as aretha franklin , james brown , eric clapton , and a whole slew of others are the high points of the film , but they also confirm why these people are musicians and not actors . blues brothers 2000 is deserving of one whole star simply because if you really , really love this kind of music , you might kind of , sort of like this movie . many , many scenes are nauseatingly unfunny , and if you don't have a passion for very deep blues/rock , you'll be bored out of your skull . much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd's self-serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience . and seeing three guys in three-piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long . unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film . 
woof ! too bad that leap of faith was the title of a 1992 comedy starring steve martin and debra winger , because that's what's required to watch this incredulous howler starring bruce willis as--of all things--a psychologist . not since the reagan administration has there been an acting stretch of such magnitude ! alas , mickey rourke , we hardly knew ye . story opens with a campy kick--willis is treating a patient who abruptly steps out of the window to take the best flying leap since charles durning dove in the hudsucker proxy . she goes splat , he goes ugh , and his character spends the rest of the film colorblind . really . the good doctor then moves to sunny l . a . , where he rooms with an old college chum ( scott bakula ) , a therapist who's getting death threats from someone in his monday evening group . buddy bites it in the second reel ( no surprise there ) and willis agrees to take over both the group and the death threats . for his troubles as therapy man , willis gets to share some cut-from-nc17 love scenes with the lover's jane march while dodging nails , cars , and rattlesnakes . why'd it have to be snakes ? color of night is the worst movie of the year . period . forget north , clifford , or , heaven help us , even on deadly ground . here is a movie misfire so audaciously awful that you can't help but wonder how the actors all kept straight faces while filming . for starters , the " group " is a collection of mixed nuts better suited to bob newhart than bruce willis . these are realistic portrayals of the mentally unhealthy ? playing a prissy obsessive/compulsive , cuckoos nest alumni brad dourif , alone , may set the psychology profession back ten years . the plot's a wreck with laughable dialogue , pointless pov shifts , and the one big secret solvable in the first fifteen minutes . director richard rush , who once helmed freebie and the bean , doesn't seem to mind . unfazed by the nincompoop plot and cuckoo characterizations , he overfills the film with enough canny camera shots and zany set-pieces to make the effort almost worth watching . his token freeway chase is ok , but the director has more fun with a vertiginous ending ala ( most recently ) fatal analysis . acting credits are across-the-board awful . willis can be forgiven because he's filming die hard 3 as we speak . but what about ruben blades insulting presence as the cop ? or lesley ann warren's stereotypical sex addict ? or worst offender jane march as a mystery-girl-who's-no-real-mystery ? shudder . bottom line : how they all kept straight faces , i'll never know . 
here's a rarity : a children's film that attempts to tackle a weighty subject , is there a god ? done well , it could have been a gem among the wasteland of modern children's cinema . unfortunately , it isn't . with jumbled messages , and an unclear audience , wide awake was better left asleep . fifth grader joshua beal ( joseph cross ) is in the middle of a moral crisis . his beloved grandfather ( robert loggia ) has died , and joshua has begun a quest . he wants to find god , to discover why bad things happen . this religious quest is slightly disturbing for his parents ( dana delany and denis leary ) , but they do their best to cope with their son as he explores different religious faiths . at his catholic school , his favorite teacher , sister terry ( rosie o'donnell ) , tries to give him guidance , but this is a journey he must make on his own . meanwhile , he is having the most momentous year of his life . he has several adventures with his daredevil best friend dave ( timothy reifsnyder ) , he gets his first crush , and begins to wake up to the world around him while he is on his spiritual journey . it is somewhat confusing as to what the real audience for wide awake is expected to be . on its surface , it appears to be a kid's film . however , it deals with serious issues , and is likely to be boring for today's instant-gratification kids . and while it might seem heartening to see that someone is trying to produce something thoughtful for the kidvid audience , wide awake asks serious questions , but only delivers a cheap gimmick for an answer . if there were a bit more meat in the story , adults on a nostalgic bent might get a kick out of the movie . the actors who might have created a great cast ( o'donnell , leary and delany ) are wasted in roles that amount to little more than cameos . the nostalgic elements ( best friend , favorite teacher , first crush , etc . ) have been done much better in other movies , and actually seem more like filler here . the film's strongest scenes are some touching flashbacks depicting joshua's relationship with his grandfather . they show more depth than is present anywhere else in the movie . maybe the film would have been better if , instead of playing the relationship through flashbacks , it were set entirely during joshua's last year with his grandpa . it certainly would have been more entertaining . wide awake can best be described as a failed experiment . it starts out with noble aspirations , but never delivers on its promise . parents who do take their children to see this one ought to be prepared to answer some tough questions . . . that is if their kids aren't bored to death first . 
a remake of the 1978 warren beatty vehicle " heaven can wait " ( which in turn was a remake of " here comes mr . jordan " ) , " down to earth " tells the tale of lance barton ( chris rock , " lethal weapon iv " ) , a young black standup comic trying to win over the audience at harlem's apollo theater . when he's taken to heaven prematurely by bumbling angel keyes ( eugene levy , " best in show " ) , his only recourse is to return in another body . he chooses that of charles wellington , the tenth richest man in the united states . of course , wellington is not only rich , but white and 53 years old , which makes lance's bid for closing night at the apollo , as well as his desire to woo suntee ( regina taylor , " jerry maguire " ) , a tad tricky . the original elaine may/warren beatty script has been reworked by chris rock , lance crouther , ali leroi , and louis c . k . to turn beatty's vehicle as a football player into rock's vehicle as a comic and add some racial humor . as directed by chris weitz and paul weitz ( codirectors of " american pie " and costars of " chuck & buck " ) , the whole affair comes off as amateur hour . initial scenes play like filmed line reading rehearsals . production values are shoddy . most serious of all is the use of rock when his wellington counterpart would have been more appropriate . this problem is clearly attributable to the fact that the old white guy is never lip or action synched when he is on screen . rock does get the chance to do some fun schtick , such as his turnaround on wellington's plans for a poor neighborhood hospital ( 'bullet in the head ? you got a bed ! ' ) , but he's uneven when interacting with the rest of the cast . regina taylor fares well amidst the mediocrity as the young activist who confusedly ends up falling for the man she believed to be her nemesis . also good is frankie faison ( " hannibal " ) as whitney , lance's compassionate manager - the only human who's made privy to lance's body body switch . chaz palminteri and levy are pretty much wasted as heaven's ambassadors . another " best in show " alumnus , jennifer coolidge , is poorly used as wellington's cheating wife ( and shown several days apart wearing the same outfit ? ! ) and greg germann ( tv's " ally mcbeal , " " sweet november " ) continues display his sitcom roots as her lover and husband's lawyer . mark addy ( " the full monty " ) is sorely underutilized as cisco , wellington's fake english butler . stealing the show in every scene she's in is wanda sykes ( " the chris rock show " ) as wellington's disgruntled maid . " down to earth " is for chris rock fans only . all others should go rent " heaven can wait " or truly be brought down to earth . 
written by alex cox , tod davies , terry gilliam and tony grisoni directed by terry gilliam i've always preferred mushrooms to blotter acid . dropping acid is like riding a roller coaster blindfolded ; you have no idea where the peaks and valleys are , no idea when the next terrifying decent will send your stomach into your throat , and no idea how long the ride will last . then there's the hard knot in your gut and the clenched teeth that come with ingesting a strychnine-laced dose . mushrooms , on the other hand , offer the psychedelic equivalent of a leisurely ride on a ferris wheel : a steady , reassuring assent , a short period of thrilling motion and color , and then a smooth landing . acid is for daredevils ; mushrooms are for refined seekers of joy . my point is that in fear and loathing in las vegas , director terry gilliam has made an acid movie , when i wish he would have made a mushroom movie . full of shocking sight gags , aggressive images and grotesque comic performances , the film certainly offers something for those fans of hunter s . thompson's book who want to experience its twisted pharmacological world-view from the inside out . but for those of us who just want to enjoy a well-made film , gilliam has produced a mixed bag . fear and loathing tells the ostensibly true story of how self-professed " gonzo " journalist hunter s . thompson ( johnny depp ) and hispanic activist attorney oscar zeta actosta ( benicio del toro ) , came to las vegas to cover a motorcycle race and found themselves trapped in the middle of a district attorney's convention while ingesting every conceivable drug available to a man of means in 1971 . operating under the pseudonyms of " raoul duke " and " dr . gonzo " , the two men careen into vegas on an acid and mescaline bender , then hole up in a hotel suite to binge on amyl nitrite , cocaine , tequila and a rainbow of multi-colored uppers and downers . they terrorize every one they meet , mostly because every one they meet terrifies them . duke hallucinates giant bats on the way into town , then is attacked by horrifying lizards in the casino lounge . dr . gonzo becomes enamored of a thick-bladed hunting knife and begs duke to throw the tape player into the bathtub with him just as jefferson airplane's " white rabbit " reaches its climax . and these guys don't just trash hotel rooms - they rape them , humiliate them and leave them for dead . that neither of them ends up dead or in jail is testament to blind luck or providence , depending on your point of view . thompson's book , besides being a hilarious read , has stood the test of time as an important historical document . it simultaneously exposed the 60's drug culture for the sham that it was and exposed las vegas as the place where the american dream came to die . pontificate all you want about how the film illustrates thompson's message , but the truth is that , stripped to its bare essentials , what gilliam has wrought is a drug comedy . it's a cheech and chong movie . you're there to watch depp and del toro ingest a lot of chemicals and then laugh at the results : see johnny take drugs , see johnny fall down . there's nothing wrong with this concept , but gilliam tries too hard . this is a frantic movie - all sweaty close-ups , wide-angle lenses , dutch tilts and other-worldly lighting schemes . there are times when gilliam really does put a convincing representation of an acid trip on the screen . but to what end ? much of the dialogue comes verbatim from thompson's book , and there are some priceless comic observations . but you're hard pressed to hear or digest them amidst all the jumbled camera work . this brings us to the performances , which strike me as all wrong . depp plays thompson as groucho marks filtered through george c . scott in patton - a gimmicky performance which works against the biting satire of thompson's dialogue . in between his several puking scenes , del toro fares better as dr . gonzo , but he also mumbles and sputters so many of his lines that their weight is lost . watching these two made me wish that the movie had been made twenty years ago , with dan akroyd and john belushi as the leads - now that would have been something to see . it's interesting to note that alex cox , credited as a co-writer on the screenplay , was originally slated to direct before gilliam took over . as much of a fan as i am of gilliam's work , cox would have been the better choice . sid and nancy , cox's best work , covered essentially the same subject matter , but cox was able to pull back and allow the characters of sid vicious and nancy spungen to carry the film . gilliam commits the compound sin of over-directing his film while being uncertain of his purpose . what kind of movie was he trying to make , anyway ? it doesn't try to be a cautionary tale , and it doesn't work as broad comedy . if he had considered more carefully his purpose , the result would have been a much more interesting film . but i don't want to be too hard on it . there are some truly funny moments , and if you're in a good enough mood you might get a kick out of it . i do , however , recommend watching fear and loathing in las vegas under the influence of your favorite controlled substance - i guarantee it will enhance the effect . 
my first exposure to the nightmare on elm street series of films was not this one , but in fact the third installment ( it was the first to gain a national theatrical release ) . i didn't see the first film until much later . so looking back , the original didn't hold a lot of great memories for me , since i didn't think too much of it when i initially saw it . watching it now for a second time confirmed that it's an overrated horror film that ultimately makes no sense whatsoever . you all know the story by now : child murderer freddy krueger ( robert englund ) returns from the grave by haunting the dreams of the children of those who burned him alive years before . this first installment does an adequate job with it's low budget , but there's some absurd dialogue and conceptual problems with the story . plus the movie's ending ( understandably the result of the studio wanting the end of the film to have a " hook " for a sequel ) renders the rest of the film pointless . and does anyone understand what happens to nancy's mother at the end of this film ? don't get me wrong though . . . it's not as if a new generation of horror films have spurned me away from the classics . most horror movies released today are just as inane as this film is . horror is a difficult genre to pull off credibly , and a nightmare on elm street just doesn't cut it . a nightmare on elm street is available on dvd from new line home video . it is available both as a single disc and as part of the nightmare on elm street collection box set . the film is presented in both pan and scan and it's original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 78 : 1 ( although on the disc that comes in the box set , only a widescreen transfer is provided ) . the film has been digitally remastered and includes two options for audio : a mono mix and a new dolby digital 5 . 1 mix . also included on the dvd is a full-length audio commentary track with writer/director wes craven , stars john saxon and heather langenkamp , and the film's director of photography . other extras include the " jump to a nightmare " feature ( i'm sure you can figure that one out ) , the usual cast and crew bios ( which are from the film's original press release kit , and notably leave out robert englund and johnny depp ! ) , and the film's original theatrical trailer . some dvd-rom features are also included , but since i don't have dvd-rom capabilities i can't really get into that . the commentary track is entertaining and informative , but nothing spectacular . the first thing of note is that it's the same commentary track that was on the special edition laserdisc from a few years ago . i'm not saying that's a negative thing , just pointing it out . everyone seems enthusiastic about being there , with the possible exception of john saxon , who just doesn't say much at all . most of the time you'll forget he's even there . everyone else talks really quietly though for some reason , as if because they're commenting on a scary movie that they need to stay as quiet as possible . the bonus disc with the boxed set called the nightmare series encyclopedia features about 45 minutes worth of interviews relating to the first film of the series . also included is the original theatrical trailer and two alternate endings to the film . . . however you can only access one easily . the other is hidden in what's called " the labyrinth " , which might possibly be the most annoying feature of a dvd ever created . basically , it's an interactive game of sorts where you wander through different nightmare locations looking at objects which give you access to extra little snippets of footage , interviews , etc . somewhere in the labyrinth is the second alternate ending to the film . finding it though is both a chore and a bore . [r] 
it's difficult to expect much from a director whose greatest accomplishments to date are a handful of " award-winning " tv commercials , as is the case with bubble boy director blair hayes . that said , hayes's feature film debut lives up to expectations , coming off mainly as equal parts offensive and moronic . but occasionally , bubble boy transcends its substandard roots with glimmers of humor and scathing social commentary . those moments of intelligence are delivered mostly by the film's two stars , jake gyllenhall as the immuno-deficient jimmy and swoosie kurtz as his over-protective , hyper religious , reagan-loving mother . gyllenhall's sweet-natured delivery of jimmy's hilariously na ? ve narration serves as the backbone for an otherwise flimsy coming-of-age story : jimmy is a bubble boy , a kid born without immunity who could die if he comes in contact with a single germ -- a plight explored more seriously in the john travolta tv movie boy in the plastic bubble and less so on seinfeld . his mom home-schools jimmy , filling his head with wildly twisted conservative propaganda and anti-sexual messages , until he's befriended by chloe ( marley shelton ) , the beautiful girl next door . jimmy falls in love with chloe , but is afraid that his love will literally kill him , as evidenced in a scene when she drunkenly tries to enter his bubble for a kiss . but when chloe decides to marry her high school boyfriend , jimmy builds a bubble suit and embarks on a hijinks-addled cross-country voyage to stop the wedding by professing his love . the offensive bits have little to do with jimmy's rare handicap ( regardless of what the film's protesters would have you believe ) , but instead center on outrageous racial stereotypes , including a screaming chinese strip club owner and a devout east indian hindi . but even if you find stereotype humor funny , it's hard to muster more than a giggle for these shallow gags . they even manage to bungle some potentially great moments with a group of carnival freaks . but a few of the harsh jabs manage to work , especially in the case of kurtz , who very bluntly shows the dark , hypocritical side of the religious right , and a wacky send-up of a cult called " bright 'n shiny , " led by the inimitable fabio . unfortunately , a few giggles can't make bubble boy the riotous , off-the-wall comedy it so desperately wants to be . honestly , it's a mystery how on earth this movie was ever made , and i'm not just saying that because it's so mediocre . how odd for disney to take a gamble on a film with an unknown director starring virtually unknown actors that doesn't seem to appeal to any particular demographic and has the potential to offend so many . and now that the studio is suffering through a very public protest against the film by the parents of real-life bubble boy david philip vetter , maybe disney's wondering the same thing . hope the opening box office take makes it worthwhile . 
disney's " air bud " tells a boy-and-his-dog story with a twist -- the pooch is quite an accomplished basketball player . granted , for a family comedy , it's not a very funny or successful idea to begin with , but it doesn't seem to matter -- " air bud " is surprisingly solemn . save for occasional moments of forced slapstick , the movie wags its tale with a straight face -- not a very enjoyable approach . if " air bud " had realized its own absurdity , then it possibly could have been better . here , we're actually asked to cheer a moment when the dog marches out to save the big game , clad in two pairs of sneakers and even a jersey . its number ? k9 . yeah , whatever . the movie opens as golden retriever buddy ( as himself ) escapes from his current owner , abusive clown-for-hire norm snively ( michael jeter ) . he ends up in fernwell , washington , where mopey new-kid-on-the-block josh ( kevin zegers ) is trying to cope with the move and the recent death of his father . buddy , kevin . kevin , buddy . once the dog proves his on-court prowess , kevin's self-esteem rockets . they both win places in the school's basketball team , with the animal as their mascot . but before they can make it to the finals , snively surfaces to reclaim buddy . everything plays out just as one would think : heavy on predictability , light on an actual story . the movie follows a calculated chain of events -- kevin's gloom fades , snively gets his comeuppance and buddy contracts rabies and must be executed old yeller-style . okay , that last one's a lie , but at least it would have been a quicker send-off than " air bud " 's courtroom climax -- no joke ! there's even a faux-cute musical montage where a reluctant buddy gets cleaned-up to " splish splash . " paint cans are spilled and newspapers are buried , all in the name of formula . the end credits note that " no special visual effects were used in the basketball sequences of this motion picture . " that very well may be true , and although to see a dog sink shots is quite a sight , a movie cannot exist on feat alone . but " air bud " doesn't seem to be interested in anything else . a friend of mine insists he saw buddy a while back on a segment of david letterman's " stupid pet tricks . " i can't think of a more appropriate connection -- this movie is a stupid pet trick . 
" virus " is the type of cliched , vacuous film that has been recylcled so many times before that you wonder why anyone would even bother putting work into making it . strangely enough , on the same mid-january weekend last year , another film was released like this , " deep rising , " about an ugly monster on a cruise liner . prior movies with the almost exact same storyline include 1989's " leviathan , " 1989's " deep star six , " and all four " alien " pictures . " virus , " in comparison , is a servicable thriller , well-made and produced , but since it doesn't include one moment of even remote originality or intelligence , it sinks under the weight of the water that the film was shot on . based on a series of comic books , " virus " concerns the crew of an ocean salvage tugboat , which becomes extremely damaged during a violent typhoon . after discovering that the boat is slowly sinking , ( un ) lucky for them , a huge ocean vessel that appears to be dead in the water turns up within the confines of their radar screen . once the team reaches the russian ship , they go on board to find that the place is seemingly deserted . after turning the power back on , however , there gradually are signs that something else is on the ship , and the electrical equipment is oddly working by itself . one survivor finally does turn up , nadia ( joanna pacula ) , who informs the suicidal and stern captain ( donald sutherland ) and one of the crew , kit foster ( jamie lee curtis ) , that a mysterious alien life form hit the santi mir space station which then was transported down to the ship , taking over the minds of all of the electrical machines and thinking that humans are viruses that should be completely wiped out . if " virus " sounds like all of the previously mentioned movies , you're correct . although the technical artistry is fairly impressive to bring the mechanical creature to life , the film itself doesn't appear to have a brain in its head . the film sticks so close to the worn-out conventions of the " creature " genre that it is amazing anyone would spend the money and time filming it when they could be making an original film . the actors are all very good and have all proven their acting abilities in the past , but they are sorely wasted here and do not really even have characters to play . in her second return to horror in the last year , jamie lee curtis once again proves to be a strong and resourceful heroine , but that is about it . although 1998's " halloween : h20 " was also a disappointment , at least she was given a few scenes to develop a character , unlike here . donald sutherland has fallen on hard times recently by starring in thoroughly disposable films , such as 1994's " the puppet masters , " although i just watched him in the superb 1978 sci-fi classic " invasion of the body snatchers , " where he was fabulous . the last of the three top-billers is william baldwin , but it is fairly hard to say if he is good or not in the picture , since he has nothing to do . basically , " virus " is another one of those films where a group of people walk around and investigate a space ship/ocean liner/haunted house until the deadly and equally grotesque and slimy creature pops up and kills them one-by-one . it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks such as this ? as long as some of them keep making money , i suspect the answer is never . 
" you can't have any of this . it's all mine ! " --- a twisted priest ( charles huevelman ) hordes his tasty fried chicken while dana ( angela zimmerly ) looks on uninterested . an evil presence , appropriately named the presence ( dj vivona ) , rules over an alternate dimension where neither angels nor demons can touch him . for kicks , the presence likes to trick a human into rounding up five of his or her friends so they can all be sent to his dimension and be systematically slaughtered . when something goes wrong and one of the presence's recent victims escapes , the angels and demons are alerted to his existence and feel he is a threat that needs to be stopped . they enlist the help of alison ( ramona midgett ) , a recent suicide victim , to return to the flesh and follow the six new enlistees through the ice wall that surrounds the the nether-realm . her mission is to melt away the ice barrier and allow the angels and demons access by reminding the presence of who he once was , an ancient court jester named abraham who lost his job when his king and queen were killed . the king's sorcerer , amblyn ( who also lost his job ) , decided to take abraham under his wing as an apprentice . during the downtime in his unemployment , amblyn decided to create a new dimension where sorcery , evil , and torture ruled . abraham wished to follow his master into this new realm , so he was asked to show his devotion to the evil wizard by murdering his one true love . in this new realm , amblyn would allow abraham to pursue the sport of hunting and destroying the humans that would be brought to this realm . after each murder , abraham would become stronger , until his power surpassed that of amblyn's . because of the screw-up that allowed the recent escape , abraham was able to destroy his master and take control of the realm himself . as alison quests to find abraham and show him the errors of his ways , the six new hapless humans are allowed to live out their worst nightmares and then be brutally murdered . if there's one thing i can't stand when i see a film , it's when the film is pretentious and arty just for the sake of being pretentious and arty . films like eraserhead and begotten are two of the worst examples of this , and now ice from the sun can be added to this list . this film is essentially an 80 minute stalk-and-slash film ( following the dante's inferno idea that your hell corresponds to how you lived your life or any one of the plots to nightmare on elm street 3 through 6 ) intercut with almost 40 minutes of strange and ( supposedly ) haunting images , many of which serve more to confuse than to further the plot . if there aren't bizarre images floating past the screen , then we get pointless shots of a suicidal alison staring at her breakfast for minutes at a time or contemplating whether or not she should answer her phone . compelling , but ultimately not . the opening credits sequence is designed like a music video for some unknown industrial band featuring various random images from the film interspersed with other random images . the credits run the entire length of the song which is almost five minutes and the actual cast listing and other credit information doesn't pop up until near the end of the sequence . when the opening credits began i thought my vcr had accidentally cut off and a interstitial from mtv2 had found its way to my tv . at least the music in the film is pretty decent , made up of mostly industrial and hard rock music and even features a song by ramona midgett . at the beginning of the film it is established that the presence possesses supernatural powers like shooting bullets out of the palms of his hands and decapitating people by waving his hand in front of them ( and he talks like a darth vader clone without the heavy breathing ) . for some reason though , he delegates all of his main stalkings to what seems like the supporting cast of deliverance . one over-alled cretin handles the presence's gravedigging and likes to chop peoples heads off with his shovel , then there's an inbred father ( dwight spurgin ) and his two inbred children ( mark kettler and jennifer poirrier-wallace ) that take care of a young woman who has been transformed into a half dog-half human mix with a shotgun , and of course a big truck driving guy that likes to tie people up naked to the back of his vehicle and drag them across stone roads before pouring salt all over their wounds . why would you want to give responsibilities to a bunch of " rednecks " when you yourself had all of these cool powers ? and how is it that the fellow that screws over all of his buddies is able to round up exactly five friends to complete the number of people required to enter the realm at exactly the same time ? i can barely get more than two together all at once at any given moment . the most ridiculous segment though comes right before the aforementioned dragging/salting sequence . the character in question , dana ( angela zimmely ) , has her turn up to be killed and is standing at the front of a movie theater in which the presence is seated . a priest holding two naked dirty humans on leashes walks in and sits down next to a large platter of fried chicken . he picks up the entire platter and starts to enjoy the chicken , taunting dana as she looks on with no interest whatsoever . when she starts to leave , the priest chides her for going before the performance starts and then something that looks like a either a creature from a gwar show or a terry gilliam animation from monty python come to life , walks out , and makes like it wants to be crucified by her . the presence starts to clap annoyingly ( which continues for the rest of the sequence ) until dana takes off with the strange creature following her . when it finally catches up to her , she stabs it in its giant eyeball and is covered in slimy glop that spurts from the ruptured organ . the box for the film claims " because of the horrifying nature of the motion picture , parental discretion is advised for persons under the age of 18 . contains nudity and graphic violence " . while both is certainly true , there doesn't seem to be much of either in any large amounts . besides a loving close up of a spurting neck stump , a semi-graphic self-surgery scene , and two instances of head trauma ( one run over and one melting ) , most of the gore is just of the spraying blood or bloody wound covered body variety . as for nudity , it is very sparse , but at least we get to see angela zimmerly ( far and away the most attractive cast member ) before her body is bruised , torn , and bloodied by the dragging incident . ice from the sun has been released on vhs by www . b-movie . com . it has been presented in in full-frame only and the transfer ( for a film shot a good deal in 8mm ) is pretty decent . besides the decent soundtrack ( which is also available from www . b-movie . com ) , a making-of video is also available called on thin ice . i haven't had the opportunity to see the documentary , but i actually would have been interested to see what the set was like while all of the shots were being filmed , if only to see how director eric stanze ( director of a similar cult film called savage harvest ) , conducted the atmosphere on set . 
one would think that david duchovny , star of the cult favorite " x-files " would be very careful in choosing his leading man cinema roles . at least one would hope so . one would be seriously incorrect . eugene sands ( duchovny ) is a surgeon so dedicated to his craft that he becomes addicted to amphetamines to stay awake and work more . it turns out to be a bad plan when he loses a patient and his license while under the influence . ten months later , in a seedy bar to score synthetic heroin , the doctor gets a chance to ply his trade when assassins gun down a customer . using a plastic water bottle and bar tubing , sands operates and saves his life . smalltime hoodlum raymond blossom ( timothy hutton ) is impressed with the cutlery skills on his associate . he kidnaps and then offers down-and-out eugene a position in his organization . blossom needs a doctor to patch up gunshot victims that would be problematic at a hospital . sand's temptation is that this will give him a chance to practice medicine again albeit illegally , big chunks of cash to fuel his habit and close proximity to the gangster's womanfriend claire ( angelina jolie ) , this film's babe factor . the would-be big time operator is desperately in need of help . on the run from russian mobsters ( the bad guys that seem to be all the rage in this year's films ) and trying to cut a pirate software deal with the chinese mafia , blossom is surrounded by blood . after a few medical misadventures , the physician grows disenchanted with his employment . an encounter with a couple of psycho surfer dudes who threaten to blow him away unless he " fixes " their dead buddy cements his feeling that he is in the wrong line of work . when the fbi visits and forces him to become an informant , there is no question that he needs to be somewhere else . oddly enough , these seem like they could be exciting scenes . the film disproves that assumption . then a bunch of other uninteresting things happen . writing this only two days after seeing the film , its a struggle to remember the events . you can take that as a solid lack of recommendation . for all the coolness that duchovny exhibits in " x-files " , it's a surprise that his big screen presence is so lacking in charisma . the doctor is particularly bland and dull . even the cold turkey bit which is rife with dramatic possibilities come across as banal . a little chocolate and minor sweats get him through heroin withdrawal . like virtually everything else in the film , it's a missed opportunity . the fox mulder detachment doesn't work here . oscar-winner hutton's manic mobster is much more difficult to get a handle on . played partially for comedy and partially as crazed killer , blossom almost becomes real , but then sinks into goofiness . most of the time hutton looks as if he's searching for his character and coming up empty . jolie also makes a few false moves towards creating a three-dimensional human being before giving up and turning into scenery . the most interesting aspect of her performance is watching her pouty lips threaten to take over the screen . the rest aren't any better . michael massee's eccentric fbi agent never revs up . one of blossom's henchmen steals a few moments of the show as a quirky gunman reminiscent of val kilmer's doc holliday in " tombstone " . his two-gunned blasting as he does a bizarre dance is the high point of the film . but that 15 seconds isn't worth sitting through the other 90 minutes . first time film director andy wilson ( known for his work on the british television series " cracker " ) appears to be attempting to jump on the " pulp fiction " bandwagon . the best of these movies combine a sense of style and flash with significant substance . the second-rate ones concentrate on just one of these aspects . " playing god " does neither well . the basic idea of the film is solid . and then it goes nowhere . even worse , it plods back and forth , up and down a long and winding road before it ends up nowhere . fox fails yet again in his search for intelligent life . 
so much for sweet returns . after smart horror films were starting to be made again after the exploitative 80's slasher movies , starting with 1996's " scream , " and followed by " scream 2 , " " urban legend , " and the original , " i know what you did last summer , " a film like , " i still know what you did last summer , " was bound to be made sooner or late . it is a perfect example of the exact reason why horror films temporarily burned out , and that is because they reached for the lowest-common-denominator in filmmaking , favoring non-stop deaths and gore for suspense , and trading in fleshed out , likable characters for one-dimensional nitwits . it has been exactly one year since julie james ( jennifer love hewitt ) suffered through the ordeal of being terrorized by ben willis , a psychopathic fisherman whom her friends and she accidentally hit in the middle of the road , and then , thinking he was dead , dumped him into the ocean . since then , julie has relocated to boston university , and although often paranoid and haunted by bad dreams , she has been able to put her life back together . when julie's friend , karla ( brandy ) , is called up by a radio station and answers correctly what the capital of brazil is , she wins a vacation to the bahamas for four people , which also includes karla's horny boyfriend , tyrell ( mekhi phifer ) , and will ( matthew settle ) , who karla sets julie up with after her own boyfriend , ray ( freddie prinze jr . , also returning from the original ) , doesn't show up . when they reach the secluded island , they discover it is the last day of the open season , and will be stranded there for the 4th of july weekend with a few employees to fend off a violent storm headed for them . of course , julie , her friends , and the workers aren't the only ones there , as the murderous ben willis , dressed in fisherman garb , returns to seek revenge on julie once and for all . it is a sad state of affairs when a movie like , " i still know what you did last summer , " is made . i am a very big fan of horror movies , and so it is especially disheartening to find out that this sequel to " ikwydls , " which i am a fan of , is almost an exact replica of a " friday the 13th " movie . while the original focused more on the story and characters , as well as genuinely suspenseful moments , thanks to the screenplay by kevin williamson ( who didn't return to write the sequel , and it shows ) , " i still know . . . " has no story to speak of , and is so vacuous of ideas , that the filmmakers , were forced to have a murder occur every five minutes just to keep the audience interested . also gone are any signs of character development , and since every single character died before i got to know them , all i was left with was to stare at the screen , indifferent to what was going on . while i cared about the fates of the characters in the original , it made no difference to me in this sequel who lived and died . they were all paper-thin and pointless , except to become victims to the lethal hook of the fisherman . another element that made the original so memorable were some superbly crafted set-pieces , like the store sequence with sarah michelle gellar , but there are none to speak of in this sequel ( although they do come close at one moment with brandy ) . since so many people were killed every couple minutes , the suspense and scares evaporated faster than salt in water . also of note is the mystery of the second killer , and accomplice to ben , but it is obvious from the first frame who it is , and so i couldn't even have fun at that , like i did in the " scream " movies and , " urban legend . " it figures that just as slasher films were starting to get some recognition again , a film would come along and ruin it for everyone else . maybe the people who made , " i still know what you did last summer , " should have realized that in order to make a good movie , you must have a screenplay---or at least one that isn't such a black hole for thoughts and ideas . the ending of the film inevitably leaves the door wide open for a third part , but judging from this amazingly lackluster first sequel , everyone involved should have quit while they were still ahead . 
a hotshot lawyer gets an obviously guilty child molester acquitted , and shortly after during the victory celebration gets offered an opportunity to show his prowess in new york city . the lawyer , kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) is not offered a job yet , he is asked to simply pick a jury . he accepts . the jury he selects work out well and before long he is offered a job with the firm . making his decision easy is the fact that not only is he offered big money , but a gorgeous apartment . he convinces his wife , mary ann ( charlize theron ) to make the move to new york . the first case given to him is a big test ; a " winless " case concerning a man who sacrifices animals in his basement . the charge was health code violations and kevin once again shows his skill and earns an acquittal . his new boss and partner in the firm , john milton ( al pacino ) is quite impressed and takes kevin under his wing , explaining many of his philosophies on law , women and sex , and angles the promise of a blissful , wealthy life . kevin's next case is a dream case , given to him by milton himself ( much to the chagrin to his colleagues ) , defending a triple murder suspect who has had a history of problems with the law . although kevin's career is taking off , his home life is not doing very well . mary ann is starting to have numerous problems . she is experiencing severe depression over kevin's long hours , and before long is having horrible dreams and hallucinations of people turning into ghouls , their faces becoming horribly disfigured . kevin does not help matters by dismissing his wife . he does not spend more time with her as he explains to milton that he needs to spend as much time on the case as possible to get it over with , then focus all of his attention on his wife . not helping matters is the fact that kevin is having ideas about a possible affair with a sexy lawyer ( connie nielson ) also working with the firm . mary ann falls deeper into her madness as kevin spends more time away from home . kevin eventually looses control of his life and has to institutionalize his wife , and gets disturbing news from his mother ( judith ivey ) about the mystery concerning the identity of his father . he also starts to lose control of his case . kevin learns that all of his problems have been caused by the work of one man . that man is his boss , mr . milton , a truly evil character who just may be the devil himself . kevin must somehow confront milton and thwart whatever diabolical plan he has in store . but how do you defeat the devil ? why is it that most courtroom scenes in the movies are absurd ? do filmmakers really believe that " normal " courtroom drama doesn't fit the bill and they have to juice them up ? the courtroom scenes in this movie would never happen in a real courtroom , which wouldn't have been too bad if it weren't keanu reeves trying to pull it off . i give reeves credit for trying hard , but throughout the movie i never saw the kevin lomax character , just an actor trying very hard to play kevin lomax and coming up short . charlize theron defines the term " over-the-top " in her performance as mary ann lomax , a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " 2 days in the valley " . the only good performance in the movie is by al pacino , but i kept asking myself what the heck he was doing in this mess ? maybe he felt it would be interesting playing the devil , and you can tell he is having fun doing so , but his skill as an actor cannot save the poor performances and lackluster script that surround him . it's pretty standard stuff , including the fact that the hotshot lawyer appears to be the only competent person on the planet who can do anything right in the courtroom . please read no further if you do not want the ending spoiled , but i have to get something off of my chest . in 1986 i remember watching a movie called " wisdom " with emilio estevez and demi moore , and the ending of that film did the worst possible thing that a movie could do . what i like to call " guess what , it was all a dream " scenario . in " wisdom " the two lead characters are killed at the end , only to have one of the characters " wake up " from an apparent and say " gosh , i'm glad that didn't really happen ! " . i considered it inexcusable the way the audience was toyed with . well , the same thing happens in " the devils advocate " , and although arguments could be made surrounding whether it was actually a dream ( perhaps milton went back in time to try a different route for his plan , since it failed and he is the devil ) , but the point is that the last 90% of the film didn't happen . i know it's a stretch , after all it is a movie and nothing really happened , but i just get annoyed to get toyed with like that . of course , the dream ending could almost be forgiven if the story that precedes it was at least an interesting one . as i recall , " wisdom " was a decent film . " the devil's advocate " is not . the devils advocate directed by taylor hackford john milton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . al pacino kevin lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . keanu reeves mary ann lomax . . . . . . . . . . . charlize theron mrs . lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . judith ivey eddie barzoon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . jeffrey jones christabella . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . connie nielson written by randy turgeon , march 18 , 1998 . 
capsule : five friends at a stag party are involved in the accidental killing of a prostitute . the cover-up attempt becomes a monster that eats up the friends , two wives and several innocent bystanders . this was a real audience pleaser at toronto , but it did not do much for me . , low 0 ( -4 to +4 ) - directed by peter berg who acted in the last seduction and copland . - five buddies go on a stag outing to las vegas while cameron diaz works through the logistics of her upcoming wedding to one of them . one of the buddies accidentally kills a prostitute . - several people with no moral compass . they started out with a simple , innocent little cocaine party ( ! ) and by accident look what happened . they have one moral person among them ( daniel stern ) , and one totally amoral person ( christian slater ) . it is more selfish to let the amoral lead , so they do . - this film is strange , but not really funny or biting . black comedy should actually be funny as well as strange . there should be some element of satire . the satire is missing here . i did not find myself laughing here either . what we have is a strange crime tale . - one just does not care what happens to these people . - the same idea of people just getting themselves in deeper and deeper has been done frequently . if this film is popular it is just bringing a familiar plot to a new generation . - it begins like diner ( particularly with daniel stern ) and ends up like an extended horror/crime comic book . - there are several logical holes in script . if a security man goes to investigate a complaint and disappears , wouldn't the guests he was investigating be the first suspects ? someone framed for a crime in the way shown would be judged innocent after minimal forensic detective work . ( i am desperately trying to avoid making this a spoiler . ) - popular and situation ethics get a real slamming . - some acting of grief is hammy and overdone . more yelling than humor . 
reindeer games is easily the worst of the three recent films penned by ehren kruger ( scream 3 and arlington rd are the others , each derivative in their own special way ) . the guy can't seem to write believable dialogue ( sample from reindeer games : " rule #1 : never put a car thief behind the wheel " ) , create multi-faceted characters , or even engineer coherent plots but he sure knows how to pile on numerous nonsensical twists and turns ( no matter if each one deems the actual story increasingly unlikely ) . his screenplay for reindeer games turns the tables on the audience so many times that watching the film becomes something of a punishment with no reward anywhere in sight . i can just envision kruger laughing behind his keyboard , " oh you thought my movie was gonna go here , f * ck you jack ass , take that twist , decipher this mother f * cker ! " it's almost as if the writer were angry at us for shelling out money to see his stupid movie . and why the hell would anyone want to invest time in a movie when the screenwriter keeps changing his own rules for no reason other than to congratulate himself on how damn clever he is ? auteur theory be damned ; it's kruger's " style " , not the director's that winds up on screen . kruger has obviously never paid much mind to the old chestnut " sometimes less is more " . and his numerous twists can't even claim to be originals ; arlington rd's ending is a direct steal from the much better alan j . pakula thriller the parallax view , and in reindeer games we get this ol' gem ; character incriminates themself by saying something they shouldn't know ( pronouns used to protect the gender of the " character " . . . grammar be damned ) . " how did you know that ? " the stunned protagonist asks , suddenly realizing that the character was in on the whole thing all along . . . since twist endings are currently so in vogue , and seeing as how kruger's screenplays usually come equipped with about three twists per ending , i guess it's no wonder why he works so frequently . he's quickly becoming miramax's mickey mouse ; the company has already signed him to work on several of their upcoming projects . this is appropriate considering that miramax ( which used to place their label on some of the most artistically daring films ) has quickly become a grindhouse for coddling foreign imports ( life is beautiful ) and freddie prinze jr . vehicles . their company's current logo could be " we ride the trends " . reindeer games stars ben affleck as rudy , a supposedly hardened criminal spending his days and nights behind bars with fantasies of pecan pies dancing atop his head . although affleck is given some barbed wire tattoos to insinuate bad assness , he plays the role like steve guttenberg preciously mugging through a police academy flick . affleck is such a puppy dog that it's impossible to believe he could survive in a harsh prison environment without becoming nearly everyone's bitch . the role itself is so badly written ( the character only grows balls when the plot calls for it ) , the twists so outrageous , and the directing so self consciously gritty that this is about as close to self parody as i can recall a recent " serious " movie getting . it may have been wiser had the film makers simply went all the way in that direction , casting jerry seinfeld as the hardened criminal and howard stern as the sniveling bad guy ( who's played here by gary sinise in yet another over the top villain performance ) james frain is nick , rudy's cellmate , a manslaughterer who's found a pen pal in the gorgeous ashley mason ( charlize theron ) . ashley is a prison groupie who sends nick many cheesecake photos of her though she's never seen one picture of him . which works out fine since the character is killed in a near-riot , and rudy ( who was to be paroled on the same day as nick ) takes his place , which leads to a sudden and very frenzied sex scene between ashley and rudy ( so frenzied it kinda looks like rape ) and a surprise visit from ashley's brother , gabriel ( gary sinise ) , who waltzes into their shabby hotel room flanked by his thuggish co-horts . he plans to rob an indian casino on christmas eve with the assistance of rudy who he thinks is nick who , according to what he wrote in the letters to ashley , used to work as a guard in the indian casino . though by the end , the film pulls the rug out from under us so frequently that everything i've described might as well be irrelevant . this is what you can expect should you chose to take this reindeer on ; several scenes in which , after catching his prey , the bad guy proceeds to stall interminably until the good guy has a chance to kill his captor and crack a stupid one-liner . included : two ( 2 ) scenes of two ( 2 ) different bad guys explaining their motives to the hero when they should be killing him ( one following the other no less ) . though it's an action film , the ending is more a talkfest where we get the whole movie explained to us by one flustered character actor after another while affleck looks on , incredulous as the audience . the flick was directed by john frankenheimer , a straightforward action director who lucked into the manchurian candidate early in his career , fell off the a-list following a string of flops and now , in his old age , is slowly climbing his way back up . it would be a success story if he were choosing better scripts but his last major film was ronin ( one of those almost but not quite movies ) which followed the island of dr . morneau ( you remember , the one with marlon brando in mime make-up and a not so flattering moo-moo ) , and now this . he films action sequences with a minimum of quick cutting which i like considering that nowadays action scenes are commonly comprised of millisecond flash cuts strung together and laid out for a brain-zapped mtv audience to pick apart . problem is these action scenes ( nearly all failed escapes ) serve no purpose in the story other than to further pad out the running time and to remind the audience that their watching an action movie rather than a filmed radio play . character problems abound ; rudy is made to shift between sweet boy next door earnestness and hard edged wiseacre , the latter of which is not ( at least at this point ) something ben affleck is capable of pulling off . the former he can do with ease and often the actor coasts on his lackadaisical charm while those around him growl and swear . but then suddenly affleck starts growling and swearing alongside them like the class clown imitating a tarantino gangster . charlize theron , an extraordinary talent , is , like affleck , playing whatever part the script requires her to play , whether it be vulnerability at one moment , anger at the next . she never has a chance to evince any charm or make much of an impression beyond her obvious physical attributes ( frankenheimer has her needlessly pop her top to further italicize this . gary sinise has played this role frequently , and here , as in snake eyes , he does the snarling bad guy thing with such over the top vitriol ( the guy must be so incredibly bored of stomping through the same paces that going out of control is the only thing that keeps him interested any more ) , that it becomes more of an annoyance ( oh there he goes again ? ? ? ) than a threat . these are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on to a script with little but stock characters and a bag of tricks that it dully springs on its audience . 
capsule : john the baptist is sent from heaven to see is the world is worth saving . he must find some sign of hope in the people of newfoundland . this is little more than a tv skit in movie form . it is watchable and apparently will be released to theaters in canada , but it is unlikely to be seen on the international market . it is diverting but hardly a serious piece of cinema . , 0 ( -4 to +4 ) minor spoilers in this review . - written and directed by john w . doyle . - john the baptist sent to st . john , newfoundland . gets an invitation to live with a family . that extraordinary hospitality for some reason does not count as a reason for hope . - script has a lot of holes . - friend who adopts john is surprisingly militant and is planning actions to destabilize wall street . - john does look middle eastern , but somehow one expects john the baptist to be more dramatic . - there is a conspiracy in the vatican riding on the result of the visit , though that result seems small compared to the end of the world . - big yucks like seeing a nun give the pope a pedicure and evil pope's aid praying to a mendes goat . - in large part a satire of life in newfoundland taking licks at things like the poor produce . the one good tomato in grocery ( by virtue of a miracle ) " must have fallen off the truck to toronto . " - based on a 20-minute short film . 
suicide is pointless , everyone should know that . so what's this movie like ? you guessed it . . . pointless . the virgin suicides focuses on the lives of the five lisbon sisters , from the perspective of the teenage boys who are fascinated by them . when the youngest lisbon sister commits suicide , it sets in motion a series of events that will change the lives of many people forever . that's what the press materials for the film probably say . now here's what i say : the virgin suicides is a huge waste of time . boring , arty , pretentious junk that is about as entertaining as . . . well as committing suicide . the movie lost me early on , immediately following the scene where the younger daughter jumps to her death from her bedroom window . the girl's father ( james woods ) holds her lifeless body in his arms as their horrified family looks on . then , as the scene ends , the lawn sprinklers come on . is that a joke ? is that supposed to be amusing in some way ? from then on , the movie failed to draw me back in . performances are the only saving grace of the virgin suicides . woods plays the only character who would actually interest me when he came onscreen , but the performance of kirsten dunst as the next youngest daughter lux is worth mentioning as well . dunst has the potential to be a big star , if she chooses her projects well . and while this film is awful , she manages to come away from it virtually unscathed . there are also a few cameos in the film here and there , which only frustrate the audience as they leave you wanting more . as a result , they all seem rather pointless ( although there's a brief role given to michael pare from eddie and the cruisers which turns out to be his best role since . . . well since eddie and the cruisers ) . perhaps the virgin suicides would have worked had the story not been told from the point of view of people who had very little access to the main characters . we never get any significant insight into the girls and why they might be feeling what they're feeling . all we really know is that mrs . lisbon ( kathleen turner ) is strict and keeps them on a short leash . what mother doesn't ? it's certainly no reason to commit suicide . with the godfather part iii , sofia coppola proved that she had no business being in front of the camera . with the virgin suicides , she proves she has no business behind it either . having family connections doesn't entitle you to be allowed to make movies . so attention film directors . . . stop letting your daughters pout their way into the industry . just because they share your dna doesn't mean they share your talent . [r] 
certainly no one would rent ed wood's glen or glenda ? expecting to see a good movie , but this screwy discourse about transvestitism betrays a level of incompetence that i didn't know was possible . in fact , wood's infamous plan 9 from outer space actually seems pretty tame by comparison . watching glen or glenda ? i found myself occasionally wondering if wood had originally made two or three separate movies and accidentally edited them together ; as a result , it is actually quite entertaining in that it is unintentionally hilarious . the movie starts out as what mostly seems like a bad documentary , with endless , repetitive narration about transvestites , how difficult it is for a transvestite to look at his girlfriend's clothes without being able to wear them , how transvestites are not necessarily homosexuals , and how the main character , glen/glenda is ( as it reminds us probably half a dozen times ) " not half man and half woman , but man and woman at the same time . " the camera work is terrible-occasionally the camera lingers on , say , a closed door while the characters talk off-screen , or inexplicably zooms in on someone's ear or nose . wood also makes copious use of mostly irrelevant stock footage , which leads to voiced-over non-sequiturs like , " yes , our world is a busy and frightening place , with so many people driving their automobiles . " finally , there is occasional commentary from bela lugosi as a sort of omniscient being who seems to inhabit a frankenstein-style laboratory , delivering pointless lines such as , " people . . . all with their own thoughts . . . their own ideas . . . . " while lightning crackles quasi-ominously overhead . had wood continued in this vein , glen or glenda ? probably would have been remembered as nothing more than a poorly done documentary with the occasional inappropriate horror-movie touch . unfortunately , he then wanders so far off into left field that you have to wonder if he had been eating some funny mushrooms when he wrote the script . " pull the string ! pull the string ! " announces an alarmed lugosi as stock footage of buffalo appears . there is another crash of lightning before lugosi returns , this time warning us , " beware . . . beware the big green dragon that lurks outside your door ! . . . it eats little boys . . . and puppy dogs' tails . . . and big fat snails ! " a bizarre nightmare sequence , which is probably meant to be symbolic but instead is just incredibly stupid , ensues , during which glen/glenda finds his fiance trapped under a fallen tree-in the living room . someone who is apparently intended to be the sinister " green dragon " ( but looks more like a klingon from the original star trek series ) appears to be orchestrating all this , though the film is far from clear on this point ( to put it kindly ) . near the end of this scene-and here i must confess that wood lost me completely-is a violent sexual encounter on a couch that features two characters who do not even appear in the rest of the movie and is scored by goofily upbeat folk music . after this scene ends ( not a moment too soon ) , glen or glenda ? returns to its documentary style , but at that point any lingering sense that wood had the slightest idea what he was doing is pretty much gone . the film wanders to a dumb happy ending that also seems to abandon much of what it was trying to say about transvestitism , but at that point it didn't matter much what happened . as soon as the aforementioned sex scene was over , glen or glenda ? had pretty much cemented its place in my mind as the most incoherent film i had ever seen . i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and deliberately tried to make the worst movie i possibly could , it still might not match glen or glenda ? for sheer cinematic disaster . i am giving this movie an f , but i'm not sure that quite does it justice . 
synopsis : back-up quarterback moxxon becomes starting quarterback midway through his senior year of high school , even though he'd rather read " slaughterhouse five " than the playbook . evil football coach kilmer throws away moxxon's book , though , while the evil team physician injects painkillers into the players . in the meantime , moxxon's kid brother forms a cult , and a bubblegum-blond cheerleader smears whip cream on herself to seduce the new star quarterback . comments : since i usually review horror and science fiction films , i feel a little out of my league discussing this teen football movie . ( pun intended . thank you ! ) varsity blues was produced by mtv , and it really shows . several extended scenes allow for a continual soundtrack of mediocre pop songs meant to appeal to the adolescent male audience this crap was intended for . the teenagers all have reasons for their melodramatic angst . the adults all have problems , of course , and , as one-dimensional characters , they are all fanatically obssessed with how their local high school football team performs . yes , this movie represents high school life in mtv-land . this is a land where your health teacher is also a part-time stripper , your ice cream store attendant girlfriend wears an egyptian ankh around her neck , your kid brother forms a " cute " cult , your football coach is an uncaring , obssessive madman , and your friends' lives consist of nothing but getting laid and driving around in cop cars naked . all you , as the main character , want to do , however , is read " slaughterhouse five " and attend brown university in the fall . well , at least this is a little more realistic than mtv's " the real world . " varsity blues stars james van der beek , this week's teen tv star making the leap to the big screen . he plays the hick moxxon adequately , though some of his emotional dialogue will make people chuckle . ( " you dawn't own mah life ! " who would want to ? ) jon voight , the stock evil guy in countless other movies , is , surprise , the stock evil guy here . but is he really evil , or is he a product of society ? after all , everybody , young and old , in this movie has no life whatsoever and do nothing but obssess over high school football . maybe the pressures of the 90 screaming fans at the football field drove evil coach kilmer evil . the film's screenplay never answers this burning question . at times , iliff's story does show glimmers of touching or humorous scenes , but , before the audience gets their hopes up that there might be something redeeming in this movie , they get trashed with another lengthy party sequence or overwrought football game . the movie's pacing is slow , and the plot turns are mindnumbingly obvious from start to finish . i suppose i'm being a little hard on varsity blues . maybe i'm just a little miffed that i had to pay 3 bucks to see it , even though it was dollar night at the cinema . something about a request from the studio made the theater charge more money . i found the film oftentimes ludicrous and boring . three guys in front of us smuggled beer into the the theater . i wished i had thought of that . alcohol , lots of it , may have helped the viewing experience . 
" party camp , " is one of the most mindnumbingly brainless comedies i've seen in awhile . a late rip-off of the " meatballs " series , the film follows a group of young camp counselors at camp chipmunk . that's really about all that can be said about the " plot " because nothing much happens , except that the main character , wise-cracking jerry ( andrew ross ) , has the hots for a cute blonde ( kerry brennan ) , and there is a big contest in the climax . how fun ! since , " party camp , " has practically no screenplay and there is no talent at all involved , the least the makers could have done was make it raunchy and exploitative . it's not that i think exploitation is necessarily a good quality , but when you are talking about a dull turkey like this , the least that could have been done would be to fill it with a lot of mindless sex . even a psychopathic slasher at the camp would have done the trick . at least , then , it wouldn't have been such a chore to sit through . never before have i seen so many jokes fall astoundingly flat . the comedy was easy to spot , but it wasn't the least bit funny . it was groan-inducing . constantly throghout , i was asking myself if director gary graver actually thought this movie was worth anything . so what saves , " party camp , " from the dreaded zero star rating ? well , that's simple : jewel shepard , as a flighty bimbo , was admittedly fun to watch . although nothing could have saved this film from the lowest depths of motion picture trash , at least if the film had centered on shepard , she might have been able to add a little spice to an otherwise rancid , low-budget teen comedy . 
capsule : the weakest and least engaging of the alien movies , dragged down by an uninvolving story and no real tension . alien 3 ( the " 3 " should be in superscript ) is a sad and wan entry in what was shaping up as one of the best sf sagas ever put on screen . it continues the story of ripley , the space-trucker-turned-impromptu-survivalist , but seems remarkably uninterested in her . in fact , the movie seems lucky to be interested in anything at all , it's so elegaic and limp . a little of this would have been nice for atmosphere , but the movie telegraphs its own tragedy from the beginning . at the end of the last film ( aliens ) , ripley and two survivors were on their way home . unfortunately , an alien pod had been deposited in their ship , and wound up triggering off their ejection in an escape pod . the pod crashes on firorina 161 , a prison planet designed to house the incurably criminally violent . ripley lives through the crash ; the others do not . the prison is a grim place , even as prisons go -- it's been built around the remnants of an abandoned steelworks , which provides no end of techno-gothic backdrops for the actors to be backlit against . lice are endemic , and so ripley's head is shaved ( another surreal touch ) . at first it looks like she just has to hold out as an unwelcome guest until a company rescue ship can arrive , but it doesn't stay that way . one of the other eggs on board the wrecked escape pod hatches , and soon a newly-gestated alien is running amuck . worse , it looks like ripley herself has been impregnated . what's weird is how little tension this generates , except near the end , when the pressure is being troweled on through every cheap cinematic form of cheating imaginable : loud music , shaky camerawork , etc . sigourney weaver has become comfortable with the role , and she does well with it , but this time the role has been underwritten and left slack . the supporting actors are also not given a lot to do : the doctor ( charles dance ) and another , rather religious inmate ( charles s . dutton , very good ) , hiave presence , but they're not asked to do anything with it . in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie . it's strange that some of the desperate and improvisational thinking that they found to wind up this story couldn't have driven the rest of it . 
it used to be that not just anyone could become a vampire . usually , you had to be an aristocrat - a count such as dracula or karnstein . to qualify , you'd have to have a modicum of sophistication , so you'd at least look cool - or suave - when biting into some young damsel's throat . but today , in our overly politically correct world , any scuzzy-looking , long-haired , unshaven lout or any spiked-haired harridans can put the bite on you . by the same token , to be a vampire hunter , one had to have some sort of medical training and knowledge of the occult or maybe perhaps be some sort of professional soldier , or at least one who retired with honors . not in these times . all you need are some sharp weapons , some bullets forged from silver and any yahoo can be a buffy - or a blade . without sounding elitist , the fear of vampires has greatly diminished because of this lack of exclusivity . which brings us to blade , the latest in a long line of vampire movies in which , it seems , half the population is putting the bite on the other half . not only are there thousands of vampires , but they seem to move from city to city , pay off police departments and , most importantly , establish their own exclusive after-hours raves in which the highlight is the sprinkler system going off and dousing all the occupants in a blood shower . with all that blood , you wonder why they have to hunt for victims . you also wonder when they get the time to get their clothes dry-cleaned and why no cleaner ever complains about all the bloodstains . blade , which is based on a marvel comic book character , is , like a comic book , all visual . the plot is basically blade repetitiously slashing his way through the vampire army seeking their leader , deacon frost . it's all hokum and nonsense , of course . but the filmmakers play it straight . unfortunately , at least at the advance screening i attended , the audience didn't see it that way and laughed through much of the proceedings . you know a movie is in trouble when the scenes of blood and gore that should elicit screams of fright instead evoke peels of laughter . another tell-tale sign is when the audience seems to be admiring the hero's costume more than the hero . also it seems it's not enough for today's vampire merely to have fangs . he must also be proficient in the martial arts . why a supernatural being , one of the undead , needs such skills is beyond me . ( of course , this concept dates to the 1974 hammer films-run run shaw production of legend of the seven golden vampires , in which dracula is defeated by seven karate-chopping siblings . ) wesley snipes is buff as blade . he growls his lines -the few he has - and spends most of the time glowering - as if he was suffering from indigestion or having second thoughts about starring in and co-producing this turkey . blade is just another example of how the vampire film , a once honorable member of the horror family , has gone downhill . this dud mostly makes you yearn for those quaint old days when christopher lee could be stopped just by dangling a crucifix in his face . today's vampires lack the panache , the style of a bela lugosi or a christopher lee . they are not even worthy enough to carry those great bloodsuckers' capes . they are more farcical than frightful . this whole enterprise is one dull blade that could have used lots of sharpening . 
the first image in " final fantasy : the spirits within " is a computer-animated close-up of a human eye . it's a beautiful piece of work , remarkably detailed and quite convincing . when the picture pulls back to reveal the owner of the eye , however , things change . the young woman has mesmerizing hair , although it hangs too artfully ? even by movie standards ? to be believed . the facial features are more detailed than any computer-animation seen to date , but the result is more reminiscent of a very well-crafted doll than anything human . she is pretty , but bland , and not nearly expressive enough to come off like a person . all the characters in " final fantasy " are like that . of the core group , the younger white men and women are all athletic , attractive and indistinct , like applicants for a tv reality show . the black man is taller and burlier , and the aging scholar is bald , with wrinkles and a beard . none of them appear to be based on individuals ; they all look like the products of general descriptions given a police sketch artist . it gets worse when they talk and move . why is the sarcastic voice of steve buscemi , he of the great twisted face and snaggleteeth , coming out of the mouth of some dreary ken doll ? why , for every fluid physical gesture , do we also see herky-jerky puppet-style motions ? more to the point , who decided a full-length computer animated movie featuring " hyperreal " ( their term , not mine ) humanoids was a good idea ? " final fantasy " is based on a phenomenally popular video game i've never played , with a story straight out of japanese anime , which more often than not leaves me bored and depressed . if you're a fan of either , please spare me your letters , as i will focus solely on the finished film and not its source materials . with an expression-challenged cast , " final fantasy " mixes turgid action scenes with heaps of mystical shit . the result is ugly , confusing and boring . note : the following reveals the basic plot . if you want to have a fighting chance of making any sense of the movie , i suggest you read it . earth is at war with aliens that appear to feed on human souls . most of our planet is devastated , with humans living in a few protected cities . while the bulk of the survivors focus on military strategies , aki ross ( voiced by ming-na ) and her mentor , dr . sid ( donald sutherland ) , believe in a more organic approach . they operate on the notion ( quoting straight from the press kit ) " that all life forms have signature spirit waves that can be identified and contained . aki and dr . sid collect a series of organic specimens whose spirit signatures combined will form a wave of equal and opposite intensity to the spirit wave of the alien force . the waves will , in effect , cancel each other out and disarm the foreign contagion . they have collected six of the eight key spirits needed to complete their wave . they are on a desperate hunt to find the remaining two spirits before their time runs out . " are you still with me ? there's only a little more . aki is infected with the alien force . dr . sid has developed a method of confining the contagion and keeping it from killing her , but the defense wall won't hold much longer . already , the alien is communicating with aki through her dreams . aiding aki and dr . sid are the deep eyes , a group of hard-as-nails types that would have felt at home with the troops in " aliens . " capt . gray edwards ( alec baldwin ) heads the task force that consists of a wise guy ( buscemi ) , a tough woman ( peri gilpin ) and a gentle giant ( ving rhames ) . throwing a monkey wrench into the plans is the requisite dumb ass : in this case general hein ( james woods ) , who wants to use the zeus cannon to bomb the aliens back to the stone age , even if it destroys earth as well . so there you have it . like most of the anime i've seen , the plot combines apocalyptic settings , lots of shooting and fuzzy spirituality , all wrapped up in a save-the-earth bow . but i'm bored with apocalyptic settings . i understand why so many live-action films employ them ? they're cheap ? but animated films can show anything , so why wallow in an industrial trash heap ? the action scenes and shoot-em-ups don't satisfy either . the humans move oddly and their facial features are so muted that the talented voice cast can't bring them to life ( in fact , their efforts merely emphasize what we're missing ) . aki is especially disappointing ; with her lack of expression and flat delivery , she looks and sound like a brunet version of weena , the eloi girl from 1960's " the time machine . " drab color choices and aliens that appear to have been created in jell-o molds sap the pizzazz from the big set pieces . students of computer animation may be fascinated with the technology behind " final fantasy : the spirits within , " but i found it sub-par across the board . " futurama " does more effective battle visuals , the kids in " south park " are far more expressive than these mannequins and any old episode of the contemporary version of " the outer limits " does better doom and gloom sci-fi . so who needs this ? not me . 
the first film produced by adam sandler's happy madison production company ( clever title eh ? ) is essentially a one joke movie , much like the movies sandler stars in himself . however the difference here is that this one joke just isn't very funny . rob schneider stars as the title character , a scruffy fish tank cleaner who ends up becoming a " man-whore " to raise enough money to replace a wealthy client's custom made fish tank , which deuce destroyed while staying in his home . deuce goes on numerous " dates " , and each woman he goes out with has a " humorous " quirk about herself . one has narcolepsy , one has tourette's syndrome , one is a man . . . etc . etc . my problem is that we see all of these women in the film's trailer , so why do i need to watch the movie ? seen the trailer . . . seen the film . only a quick cameo from norm macdonald ( and a follow up joke during the closing credits ) generates any chuckles . deuce bigalow : male gigolo is available on dvd from touchstone home video ( a division of di$ney ) . the disc includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , and features the original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for mystery alaska , happy texas , and outside providence ) , an extremely brief production featurette ( which contains footage not used in the film ) , and storyboard-to-scene comparisons . yep , you read that right . . . there are storyboard comparisons on this dvd . two scenes are storyboarded . . . neither of which are particularly exciting . there are fight scenes in this movie , so why aren't we seeing storyboards of those segments ( especially the parody moments from the matrix ) ? i wonder what's funnier : the fact that any moment in this film required storyboards or that di$ney thought fans of this film would want to see them ? deleted scenes ? sure . audio commentary ? you betcha . but storyboards ? come on . [r] 
everyone knows that old rule , 'never work with children and animals . ' in this latest horror flick mimic case , it's 'never work with children and genetically enhanced killer animals' instead , as mimic features both of these and succeeds in doing nothing except mildly engaging the audience . the film begins in new york , where we see children dying from a mysterious disease , which is being carried by cockroaches . dr . susan tyler ( sorvino ) creates a genetically enhanced bug ( the 'judas' breed ) , however , which is designed to kill all cockroaches . the bug does it's job , the cockroaches all die , and the terror is gone . 'three years later' appears on the screen , and we discover that the judas breed is back , bigger than ever , and ready to kill . the spin on this bug , however , is that it can mimic it's predator , and in this case . . . . it's humans . that should teach us for squishing all those bugs . what should be a roller coaster ride with bugs everywhere , tons of gory deaths and some massive set pieces instead turns out to be a rather subdued , almost boring movie which plods along at a very slow pace . perhaps the movie was trying to be thought provoking , and trying to avoid the 'predator' type movie it could easily have become . if it is , then the director and writers have made the wrong move , because this is perfectly suited to be an all out action fest . the director , who bought us cronos , a far superior film , directs the film in a calm , and frankly dull movie . there are few exciting sequences , instead just a lot of people talking . if the dialogue was intelligent , then it would be all right , but it's sadly babbling nonsense . in fact , the script is embarrsingly weak , and the characterizations not much better . sorvino and company are as 2d as characters come , with the script not bothering to develop them . there is some action in this film , but it's directed in such an annoying way , it's just infuriating to watch . the camera cuts all over the place , disoreitating the audience , and instead of involving the audience in the action , it merely alienates them . the peformances are o . k , if slightly below average . sorvino is o . k , although she's not very good at conveying terror , or anything emotion really . the supporting cast are all sterotypes , with characters such as a big black security guard with a foul mouth , a geeky scientist with spectacles , and what could be the most stereotypical mexican 'old timer' ever . their reasonable good fun , however . mimic , then , may fail with it's story , pacing and characters , but the film does look good . like dark city , mimic is a definite case of style of content . it may be a bit too gloomy for it's own good , but the sets look nice , and parts of the film are directed well . but looks aren't good enough to save mimic from the depths of mediocre , somewhere where it shouldn't really belong . a good opportunity , then , wasted . a shame . overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998 
1990s would remembered as the era of binary movie events in hollywood - two movies dealing with the same subject , or , to be precise , same " high concept " . in summer 1994 , that " high concept " was " mad bomber action thriller " . in few weeks , " thrillride of the summer " actionfest speed was followed by rather action thriller blown away , so disappointing that most of the people these days associate the title with the 1992 thriller in which nicole eggert did few nude scenes . the movie begins in the prison in northern ireland , where gaerity ( tommy lee jones ) , ira terrorist with the great talent to make lethal explosive devices from almost any material , escapes from prison . he comes to boston , where he accidentally notices jimmy dove ( jeff bridges ) , dedicated bomb disposal expert within boston police . few people except gaerity know the dove's violent past , when he used to be ira terrorist before becoming sick with violence , betraying gaerity and emigrating to america where he changed the name and started using his experience for good purpose . gaerity holds dove personally responsible for his captivity and begins the campaign of bombing terror , directed specifically at dove's colleagues , friends and relatives . dove , who is just going to retire and start family , now must confront the mad bomber . while speed doesn't even try to bother with plot and characters , using them only as an excuse for long and spectacular action scenes , blown away tries to be more conventional and provide the action with some back story . and that is the main reason why it is inferior to speed . badly written plot and badly written characters are sometimes worse than no plot and no characters at all . screenplay by john bateer and john rice , barely touches the complicated issues of northern ireland , using the tragedy only as the cheap backstory for even cheaper drama . the plot is , of course , full of implausibilities . the main one is the fact that movie fails to explain how the single individual , no matter how brilliant he is , can produce thousands of deadly devices and hold entire city at bay . those questions , same as in the case of speed , could be forgotten while the action goes on , but the pauses between action scenes are filled with cliched and predictable situation that should provide some background to the characters . because of them , movie seems a little bit too long , and boring at times . the most annoying element of the film , however , is tommy lee jones in the role of mad bomber . his acting is so over-the-top that potentially fascinating villain turns into pathetic caricature of himself . this role is in painful contrast with the strong performance given by that same actor in fugitive . the film have few bright points , though . some of the action scenes are fine , which should be credited to director stephen hopkins ( predator ii , judgement night ) . and forrest whitaker really shines in minor role of dove's colleague . but , all in all , blown away is a film that was justifiably shadowed by its more famous , yet hardly unforgettable competitor . 
there are those of us who think of leslie nielsen as the bumbling , hapless straight man from the hysterical " naked gun " films , crack an immediate smile and forgive him of whatever wavering movie spoof he's committed himself to starring in since . the wavering movie spoofs , however , are less forgivable . to be fair , " wrongfully accused , " the send-up in question and nielsen's third parody since the last " gun , " isn't quite as excruciatingly humorless as his " dracula : dead and loving it " or " spy hard , " which is a mighty good thing . nielsen is still in tip-top comedic form , able as ever to deadpan his way through even the most horrible puns , but he really needs a screenplay that plays off his talents instead of relying on them , and he needs one very soon . " wrongfully accused " meshes together the premises of " the fugitive " and " patriot games , " casting its always game star as ryan harrison ( get it ? ) , a master violinist who is drawn into an affair with a married temptress ( kelly le brock ) . she , however , sets harrison up to take the rap for the murder of her husband ( michael york ) - a crime actually committed by a one-armed , one-legged , one-eyed man ( aaron pearl ) . harrison is arrested , found guilty and sentenced to death , but escapes from a prison bus , of course , and then is pursued by a determined u . s . marshal named fergus falls ( richard crenna , unnecessarily riffing off of tommy lee jones' already smirky oscar-winning role ) . there's also a mystery brunette ( melinda mcgraw ) and an assassination subplot involving the u . n . secretary general , but like any of it matters . " wrongfully accused " gets off to an assured start , with an in-concert nielsen , touted " lord of the violin " by bare-chested posters , pulling a jimi hendrix on his musical instrument as hundreds of tuxedo-clad mosh in front of the stage . nice touch . most of the scenes that follow , however , never top the opener . ( hysterical exceptions : the mentos and " baywatch " goofs . ) movie parodies are crammed in at an almost-subliminal rate , but most are empty . when a giant snake lunges onto the screen and snatches a cast member a la " anaconda " or baseball players disappear into a " field of dreams " -esque cornfield , there's really nothing to laugh at . other moments , like an interlude in a fishing shop , are so unfocused that you're not sure what you're supposed to be laughing at . there seem to be more cheap references than frenzied send-ups here , so it's possible that director/writer pat proft , by bombarding the viewer with a careless mixture of the two , guarantees something is sure to stick . and what does stick sticks well , particularly the jabs at genre conventions like stylized flashbacks and hard-boiled dialogue , what those " naked gun " s ( which proft collaborated on ) did great ; these bits are so on-target that they allow you to remember " wrongfully accused " as an almost-halfway-there spoof instead of a lame-brained failure . the movie might have been cursed to begin with , opening fast on the heels of " mafia ! " , from proft colleague jim abrahams , and " baseketball , " from proft colleague david zucker , but it's a strong possibility that nobody is going to be accusing " wrongfully accused " of being nielsen's funniest . 
i wish more films would take on issues of faith and morality in the modern world . and i wish that film-makers would use commandments as a blueprint on how _not_ to do it . writer/director daniel taplitz has created a bizarre conglomeration of satire and soul-searching in this tale of seth warner ( aidan quinn ) , a man of faith who runs into a streak of bad luck which usually inspires country-western lyrics : his pregnant wife drowns , his home is destroyed by a tornado , he loses his job and his dog is crippled by a bolt of lightning . convinced that god has broken his half of the covenant , seth decides to break his , and sets out to turn every " thou shalt not " of the ten commandments into a " thou shalt " ( and vice versa ) . his wife's sister rachel ( " friends " ' courteney cox ) wants to help seth ; rachel's selfish husband harry ( anthony lapaglia ) , who tends to break a few commandments of his own , thinks seth is a lunatic . thus begins a film which picks the wrong tone for every occasion . taplitz isn't interested in treating seth's tragedies as genuinely tragic , making it impossible to sympathize with him . composer joseph vitarelli provides a score full of whimsical woodwinds , turning seth's sacrilegious mission into an amusing lark ; quinn's performance as seth is all wild-eyed fervor without any genuine pain . the actual breaking of the commandments is almost treated as an afterthought , with one through five dispatched in a five-minute montage . the result is a character whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an anguished man than the machinations of a high-concept movie plot . it's not even entirely clear that commandments is about seth . corporate attorney rachel is given a case which is supposed to soften a hard heart we see no indication she has , while harry gets his comeuppance as part of seth's " false witness . " only courteney cox strikes a note of reality in a solid performance ; she is sane center around which too equally troubled men revolve . even she can't force taplitz to decide whose story this is , or what we should have learned about dealing with the struggles in our lives and our relationship with the infinite . by the time seth makes a singularly biblical reappearance late in the film , it has become clear that taplitz is aiming for a fantastical fable which makes no connection with real human experience . commandments is a bad comedy which could have been a decent drama if daniel taplitz had had the guts to take faith -- and the loss thereof -- at all seriously . 
i had an epiphany today . it occurred to me while i was watching " house on haunted hill . " it is as follows : if a trailer makes the film it's advertising look like a trashy , stupid movie , well guess what ? chances are , there * is * truth in advertising . too bad i didn't trust my own instincts when something-or-the-other possessed me to see this movie . i blame it on my sudden craving for a scare and my anticipation of " sleepy hollow . " that and " dogma " started too late in the afternoon for my schedule . an hour of " angel " or " buffy " is scarier than this doozy that tries to be scary and shtick but falls flat on its face . i wish i'd seen it when it was halloween . at least i would have been forgiving . hey , tis the season . the movie was scary ( albeit very confusing , dizzying , and nauseating ) at first , but soon the horror got repetitive and downright laughable because the film obviously wasn't going anywhere . now i truly appreciate films like " scream , " " halloween , " or any old hitchcock film where the scariness stems from situations that are at least somewhat realistic . that's what spooks people out , the fact that it could happen to them or someone they know . there has to be a logical precedent for the situations they want to scare us with . sure , utterly unpredictable is good , too , but that's different from utterly nonsensical . hohh ( house on haunted hill ) , on the other hand . . . well let's just say i about fell off my chair laughing when they oh-so-cleverly revealed that everyone who got invited to the party was related to the psycho doctors who died in the house a couple of decades ago . riiiiight . y'know , that just sends chills down my spine . yeah . just like i wet my pants when they told me the house is evil . ooooooo . hint : blood and guts only work a few times . sooner or later people start to tell themselves that it's just ketchup and props and you've got to come up with something better than that . there were just too many things in this movie that we've all seen before ; from the inevitable " plot developments " of strangers unwittingly trapped together ; strangers turning against each other ; the evil manifesting itself ; the dead coming back for a last scare . each was more predictable than the last . why didn't these fools just stay together in one place anyways ? sheesh . was i grossed out ? yes . did i get spooked a few times ? yes . but why ? i get really disturbed when there is no why . when there weren't random scares that were there for no other reason than for the visual effect ( which wasn't that good either , trust me ) and the scare , the film was filled with drab , laughable dialogue . the characters were incredibly flat and cliched . not to mention downright annoying . you've got a bunch of people going nowhere in their lives ; of course they're dumb enough to go to a party some stranger invited them to provided they win a million dollars if they survive the night . jeez , i thought no one fell for those " you may already be a winner " things anymore . and of course , all three gals are babes . i wonder how on earth the geoffrey rush of " shine " ended up in this movie . keep that up , geoff , and you'll qualify for the next batman venture . the only single person i enjoyed was chris kattan because , well , he just cracks me up . and famke jansen ( sp ? ) because she reminds me of the delectable brosnan . pierce brosnan ( hey , i willingly endured " dante's peak " three times for him : ) . all right , i concede . there were a couple of things i enjoyed . that perverted little amusement park at the beginning . i probably won't ride a rollercoaster for a while . and the machine they used to drive geoffrey's character mad ( see , i don't even remember their names ) . the machine , not that stupid fishtank with naked wimmin in it . i kept waiting and waiting for that inevitable twist at the end of the movie . it wouldn't have redeemed the film , but at least it would have made me feel better . but no , they opted for the beautiful sunrise ending . thank god they didn't add a kiss at the end or i would have puked . god , there is no hope . 
studio 54 attracted so many weird and bizarre people to its gates that it's a wonder why the film about the life and death of the studio centers itself on one very boring , cliched individual , not to mention an ensemble of people who wouldn't be at all fascinating unless they worked at the studio , which they did according to this film . are we supposed to believe that out of all the strange folk who populated the studio nightly , that a character who is a bland ripoff of tony manero would really make a good protagonist for the film about it ? " 54 " belongs in the elite group of films known as " the big disappointments " : the films that attain so much hype and/or so much potential in its creation that they come off worse than they are when they are finally finished . i was heavily awaiting " 54 , " not the least because i've become fascinated with the infamous club , which has been the subject of an engrossing documentary that's been running all summer on vh1 , which is , weirdly enough , much more intriguing and engrossing than this " edgy " film . perhaps more importantly , " 54 " is part of the blossoming subgenre , " the 70s nostalgia film , " which has been picking up mighty steam , what with " boogie nights " and " the last days of disco " coming out within the year , and both being such damn good movies that not only captured the feel of a certain time period ( the late 70s party and the early 80s wakeup period ) , but brought us interesting and real characters , like scotty , the tragically gay boom mike operator from " boogie nights , " and charlotte , the ironically clueless and bitchy co-protagonist from " the last days of disco , " not to mention several others . " 54 " deals not so much with the timeline of the studio ( how it began , how it was run , how it ended ) - that's all dealt with in the narrated opening and finale - but more interested in the characters who populated it . this is a definite plus . here's a film that could have been a fascinating 2 hour plus film about the tragic people who went there to party , and had to wakeup in the 80s when things like diseases , economy problems , and perhaps worst of all , reagan , all hit and forced everyone into a rude awakening . the story of the studio is tragedy in itself : let's look at how it all affected the people . but this film doesn't let that happen . it gives us a half-assed protagonist named shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe , from " i know what you did last summer " ) , who's chief character trait is the fact that he's from new jersey , which also happens to be his chief character flaw ( i guess ) . he's dim-witted , into being part of " the scene , " and soon finds he's become a bit of a rave amongst the studio regulars . . . a bit like " saturday night fever , " 'cept no travolta and no real interest put into him . poor , poor phillippe struggles to make him interesting , but all he is a half-assed character and not at all our ticket to the glimpse of the decadence going on inside the club that he could have been . shane begins to hang out with some other denizens of the club , like anita ( salma hayek ) , a wannabe donna sommers , and her young hubby , greg randanzo ( breckin meyer , from " clueless " ) , who helps shane become a bartender and rise to a bit of fame . although he begins to get somewhere when he sleeps with the foxy billie auster ( sela ward ) , an exec of sorts , he falls in lust with a soap star named julie black ( neve campbell ) , and thus the boring romance subplot that's all too not necessarily important to anything else in the film and never really becomes interesting at any point in the film . the film's sole point of interest and one major strongpoint is the all-too necesary personage of steve rubell , played by mike myers ( you heard me ) . rubell , the famous head of the studio acted as if he never stopped partying ever , and is an easy metaphor for the life and times of his creation , but the film , thanks to a surprisingly strong performance by myers , makes him out to be more than that . notice the scenes sole shocking scene , where he tries to get felatio from one of his male employees in turn for a promotion : myers brings the humanity to rubell in this scene , and a couple others , that some of us who've only seen him on tv never saw , and proves to be perhaps the one aspect of studio 54 that this film actually nails . first time feature director mark christopher proves that he's a better director than a writer , though not too terribly much . his story is trite and shallow , as are his characters , and his direction is shockingly flat , especially for a film about this subject . it's as if he had a great story to tell , but instead opted for the easier route . the studio's recreation is amazingly accurate , though , and very impressive , but his direction is never captivating enough . some people say that a film does its job if it makes you want to visit the locale it takes place in ( despite the film's tone , i still want to go to rome and its many nightclubs after i saw fellini's " la dolce vita " ) , and when i watched " 54 , " i didn't particularly want to stay . 
wizards is an animated feature that begins with a narration of epic proportions . over black and white drawings , we are told that the earth is destroyed in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange , sending the remnants of humanity through generations of radiation-induced mutation . the " original " inhabitants of the earth , fairies and elves , return to populate the globe , along with their evil , mutant counterparts . one day ( and i say " one day " not to be trite , but because that's exactly how it happened - no advance notice ) , a fairy queen gives birth to twins , one good and one evil . the twins grow up to be powerful wizards , the good one embracing magic , and the bad one utilizing technology to attempt to expand his evil empire . we are given the notion that an ultimate battle must occur between the forces of magic and those of technology . as unoriginal as the premise is , i was still somewhat interested in how this story would play itself out . there's a lot you can do in an animated fantasy world , after all . i soon learned , however , that the fantasy was the expectation of a decent film . once the transition was made from still art to color animation , an entirely different feel takes precedence . rather than the epic saga promised by the narration , we get a goofy-looking world of a saturday morning cartoon . not just the look , mind you , but all the zany sounds like >honk boing for years , blackwolf has lost his battles against the magical forces of good , since his armies of ogres and other mutants would get dispirited or distracted soon after battle is joined . however , blackwolf now has a secret weapon : nazis . yup , adolf hitler , the luftwaffe and the wehrmacht . okay , not the real things , but an archival film his minions dug up . projected into the sky for all to see , it inspires his own army while shocking the enemy into submission long enough for the ogres to hack them up . before you know it , there are dead elves everywhere . this is just as well . the characters are so bad that the viewer doesn't care about any of them . they're either silly , sappy , or both . the dialog gets much of the credit for this . an example is when avatar nonchalantly says , " well , looks like my brother and i begin our final battle . " not very formidable when he's also the guy who says , " this is the biggest bummer of a trip i've ever been on . " my favorite line was from a sideline fairy who is asked by her child why good can't fight back against the nazi-charged evil . her response is , " they have weapons and technology . we just have love . " suffice to say , the characters are strictly two-dimensional , and we therefore don't expect anything more than the obvious to happen . which it does . the only unexpected occurrence is the way the final battle between brothers is played out , which is anticlimactic and disappointing . please note that it is the action that is unexpected . that it is disappointing is not . the film couldn't settle on a particular mood . it seems to move from dark to light with the cuts from scene to scene and even angle to angle . scenes which are seemingly meant to contain deep meaning are ruined by acts of levity . the dramatics , which seem to occur at random , are overly staged and overly acted , detracting from any kind of value or even enjoyment which could otherwise be gleaned . ralph bakshi , the director , makes an obvious attempt to get a message across in this film : hitler and the nazis were bad . so who doesn't know this already ? well , maybe children . okay , so you might say that this is a movie for children . it's not . in the scenes where good fights evil , there's a lot of violence and gore that children should not be seeing if they're watching a cartoon . so is the film for adults ? if so , we probably don't need to be bashed over the head to get the point . why not have the bad guys be symbolic of the nazis instead of using old propaganda in a seriously disjointed attempt to show us something we already know ? wizards gives us a lot of footage of nazi tanks and airplanes , and hitler giving speeches . however , we don't see any reason why they should be considered bad . we see no atrocities being committed , not even any real battle footage . there is absolutely no connection made between the armies of evil and the third reich , and we're not even given a cursory explanation as to why this stuff is inspiring in the first place . this needed to be thought out much more thoroughly if a point were to be made , since subject matter such as this deserves better treatment . i'd like to assume that bakshi was trying to say that the same nationalist movement that drove the nazis could happen anywhere , at any time , and we must therefore be vigilant . however , i'm not sure if i want to give him that much credit . 
david spade has a snide , sarcastic sense of humor that works perfectly on the tv sitcom just shoot me . it also served as a good showcase for him when he co-starred , opposite the late chris farley , in tommy boy and black sheep . lost and found marks the comedian's first attempt at going solo in a movie , and it also reveals that when spade doesn't have a reliable back-up system , his brand of humor seems more desperate than one may expect . david spade is not the problem with lost and found . he plays dylan ramsey , the sweet main character , to the best of his abilities . the story revolves around dylan's obsessions with his beautiful new neighbour , lila dubois ( sophie marceau , from braveheart ) , and her terrier named jack . dylan believes that the best way to a woman's heart is through her dog . and so he kidnaps jack , planning to stage a fake rescue , in hope to win lila over . there are three good things about lost and found . the first is spade . the second is sophie marceau , a lovely actress who's been planted into the wrong movie . lastly , there's the dog , who is used here in a similar context to puffy from there's something about mary . unfortunately , director jeff pollack finds more humor in putting jack through a cycle in the drier than he does with simply making him look cute . this kind of physical humor is dead . pollack does everything but beat the poor pooch with a baseball bat to get laughs , and this procedure is cheap , unfunny and resoundingly cruel . this is where i start to get fuzzy . also in this unusual blend is ( apparently ) a sweet-natured love story between dylan and lila . given the mean-spirited comedy that the movie is obviously striving for , i found this hard to swallow . and , why does dylan even deserve someone like lila , after kidnapping her precious dog and putting it through such pain ? predictably , lost and found opts for a happy ending , one that feels so sentimental , gooey , and rings so false that it sets off a siren in your head that makes you feel a bit cheated . david spade ( who also co-wrote the movie ) tries hard , so very hard , to make this project amusing . there are some choice scenes that are quite funny , but the movie is only sporadically funny . patrick bruel plays the stock character of rene , the pompous jerk who also wants to win lila over , with his good looks and money . jon lovitz and martin sheen are welcome additions in two tiny supporting roles . despite a few positive attributes , lost and found just doesn't work . if you're searching for an enjoyable romantic-comedy , you could do far better than this obvious , misguided failure that shows a blatant disregard for what it's trying to present . 
my first press screening of 1998 and already i've gotten a prime candidate for my worst ten of the year list . what an auspicious beginning ! welcome to the dog days of winter when the only film openings of merit are those oscar contenders that the studios opened in late december in new york and l . a . and which are just now beginning to appear elsewhere . firestorm , the directorial debut of dances with wolves's academy award winning cinematographer dean semler , is the first of the new year's crop of movies . as our story opens , the movie pretentiously informs us that of the tens of thousands of firefighters only 400 are " smokejumpers . " we then cut to a plane load of smoke jumping cowboys and one cowgirl , where one of the gung-ho guys is taking a romance quiz from " cosmopolitan . " having the time of their lives , they then jump into the middle of a burning forest . when , even in the beginning , the director can't get the small parts right , you can sense the movie is in trouble . with the noisy fire roaring all about them and with the trapped people huddled near their gasoline-filled cars , smokejumper monica ( christianne hirt ) tells them to get away from their soon-to-explode vehicles . not bothering to shout nor even get close to them , she announces her warning without raising her voice much or approaching the people . miraculously , they manage to hear her and move away . in a movie that specializes in cheap shots , the camera locates the proverbial young girl trapped in a nearby burning building . as it does throughout , overly dramatic cinematographer stephen f . windon from the postman uses extremely fast zooms right down to the endangered girl's face . our show's two heroes , the crew's chief , wynt perkins , played laconically by scott glenn , and his second-in-command , jesse graves , played by howie long in a weak attempt to be the next steven seagal , enter the burning house looking for the little girl . in a panic they have difficulty in locating her before they are engulfed in flames . the manipulative script has her hidden in her own dollhouse . this mawkish show cuts back to monica , who has a life-or-death decision to make . the chopper with the fire-retardant chemicals has only enough to save one group . will it be the large group near the cars or the helpless little girl and monica's two firefighting buddies ? she has only seconds to decide who will be saved . yes , she goes for the majority , but , miracle of miracles , the other three come out alive anyway . not content with a traditional firefighting story , chris soth's screenplay attempts to jazz it up by having william forsythe from palookaville play a vicious killer named randy earl shaye who sets a forest fire so that he can join the crew to put it out and then escape . ( " hoods in the woods , " is what the " ground-pounders " yell out when the convicts are bused in to help them fight the fire . ) along the way , shaye picks up an ornithologist hostage played by suzy amis , who turns out to have been trained in warrior ways by her father , who was a marine drill instructor . most of the highly predictable movie is a long chase in which poor howie long is given one ridiculous stunt after another to look silly performing . he flings a chain saw backwards over his head while riding a speeding motorcycle so that the saw can hit the windshield of the pursuing truck . arguably the low point is when he escapes from a locked burning building by riding a motorcycle conveniently parked inside . using a ramp , he shoots straight out of the top of the building's attic , and when he hits the ground , he just rides off in a cloud of dust . when the film isn't using some stock footage of actual forest fires , the simulated ones look hokey . editor jack hofstra cheapens the action even more by his use of burning flames in scene transitions . the ending , with its sick twists , manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie . perhaps the best that can be said for the picture is the faint praise i heard afterwards in the lobby , " it's not as bad as some of the television sitcoms . " firestorm runs mercifully just 1 : 29 . it is rated r for violence and language and would be acceptable for teenagers . 
tv's buffy finds herself on the other side of the supernatural spectrum in " simply irresistible . " sarah michelle gellar , that never-ceasing crusader against never-ending evil every tuesday night on the wb network , here plays a down-on-her-luck chef suspected of dabbling in witchcraft after her flailing restaurant receives help in the form of magically scrumptious meals . taste test results : some vampire slaying , though out of place , would have really livened this excruciating movie up . " simply irresistible " is actually quite easy to deny , a disaster of culinary and other proportions pretty much from the opening on . gellar's amanda finds herself falling for harried henri bendel exec tom ( sean patrick flannery of powder ) around the same time she discovers an uncanny ability to mystically manifest emotions in her cooking , a secret ingredient that arouses both his interest in her and the public's in her tiny tribeca eatery . all this love and sorcery have a lot to do with the telekinetic crab that also figures into the story , a tale that at times plays like an american spin on 1993's mexican classic " like water for chocolate . " several differences : one , " like water " didn't have a telekinetic crab , and two , " like water " was a good film . " simply irresistible , " on the other hand , is about as challenging as an easy-bake oven . amateurishly staged scenes cancel each other out in their badness , from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu dance sequence where tom and amanda do their best fred and ginger - though fred and ginger never took part in anything this garish . the intrusive musical score distracts from the flat dialogue at regular intervals , but it's not like you're were going to miss much . in fact , take away the few instances of salty language and this has made-for-disney channel written all over it . but a majority of " simply irresistible " 's resistibility factor has less to do with the afore-mentioned overkill than the bland leads - tom and amanda are so thin and ambiguously defined that there's just no fun rooting for their inevitable " happily ever after . " nor do the otherworldly powers that serve to bring them together make sense , so we're left with a ho-hum relationship based on enchanted eclairs ; it's not going to last long , people . perhaps sensing this , the filmmakers have piled on weird supporting characters for acting vets like betty buckley , dylan baker and patricia clarkson , but they don't go anywhere either . in fact , nothing in " simply irresistible " goes anywhere save for gellar , and she doesn't go somewhere so much as you wish she'd go _somewhere_ - like to a better movie . already proving major talent with relatively few big- and small-screen roles , she's the sole reason this overcooked souffle isn't completely fit for the garbage disposal , looking smashing in her todd oldham-designed duds and investing much more in her perfunctory part than she ever gets in return . it's certainly a dish best not served in it's current condition , but one can only guess that , without gellar , " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable . 
a movie about divorce and custody in 1995 seems about as timely as a movie about mood rings . family breakups have been an all too familiar part of the american landscape for nearly thirty years , and countless dramas have told stories of acrimonious court battles in hand-wringing detail . still , i can't recall a comedy about the subject before bye bye love . and after it , i still can't . bye bye love is rarely funny , more often a weak and melodramatic retread of common tv-movie fare . only a few moments which have nothing to do with the film's main premise offer big laughs instead of cliched emotion . bye bye love follows one weekend in the lives of three divorced fathers who get weekend custody of their children . dave ( matthew modine ) , a father of two , is an inveterate womanizer having difficulty staying faithful to his latest girlfriend ; vic ( randy quaid ) is a foul-humored father of three about to go on a rare date ; donny ( paul reiser ) pines for his ex-wife and has trouble relating to his teenage daughter emma ( eliza dushku ) . over the course of the weekend , the three men face various crises , including vic's blind date from hell ( janeane garofolo ) and donny's growing estrangement from emma . the three lead actors form a rather unlikely combo , and the quality of their performances is of widely varying quality . randy quaid is the best of the three , bitter without being irritating , gleefully spiteful without being frightening . his run-ins with is ex-wife ( lindsey crouse ) are a bit over-played , though , and his confrontation with a pompous radio psychologist ( rob reiner ) is gimmicky and implausible . he does get bye bye love's best sub-plot , a hilarious dinner date with a gloriously demented janeane garofolo , and he does a great slow burn . paul reiser really has only one character , his slightly befuddled , uptight nice guy " mad about you " persona , but he does it well . as a personality , he is appealing , but as a character , he becomes pretty boring here . matthew modine , is , quite simply , terrible . this isn't a performance good enough to be called mailed-in ; he even forgot to put a stamp on it . modine lacks any charm in an appallingly under-written role , looks bored most of the time , and gets stuck with a trite little speech about how it's all his father's fault he's such a cad . carolco's executives , whose entire future is resting on modine's bankability for the upcoming cutthroat island , must be sweating buckets right now . bye bye love basically comes off as a very confused movie , because it spends far too much of its time on the new relationships of its main characters instead of on the relationships between the fathers and their kids , making it just another " dating in the 90s " movie . when the movie does deal with the children at all , it is to have one of them scream out an accusation and/or cry , perhaps to be resolved later by a sensitive talk and a hug , perhaps not . even more confusing is a sub-plot featuring the late ed flanders as a widower who goes to work and a mcdonald's and befriends a troubled youth . it is a sad end to flanders' career , getting caught up in a truly annoying over-use of mcdonald's as a location , a plot device and , apparently , a major advertiser . even if bye bye love had decided to spend its time focusing exclusively on the parent-child relationships , it still would have been pretty difficult to pull off , because ultimately there is very little humor one can wring from family break-ups and their effects on children . any way you slice it , it is a bad situation for kids , and the makers of bye bye love mostly go for the heartstrings when dealing with the single parenting issue . it is left to the dads' romantic fumblings to probide what little humor there is , and it isn't enough . there have been comparisons between bye bye love and parenthood , but parenthood was both genuinely funny and genuinely touching . bye bye love is a genuine shame . 
you know that a movie has issues when most everyone in the audience comes out laughing . . . and it's not a comedy ! and what a strange career path for director chuck russell . he starts his career off with a decent take on the " nightmare on elm street " series with his debut as director on installment number three . he follows that up with the blob the very next year , but waits another six years to do his next piece , a little film called the mask starring jim carrey , and then one more star vehicle in eraser two years after that . so then he thought , " let me wait another five years , get a weak script jammed with cliches and hope that jimmy smits and kim basinger could pull it out of its ashes " ? ! ? strange dude and one crappy flick . plot : a six-year old girl is believed to be some kind of mysterious prophet sent down from god . a satanic cult wants the girl to switch over to their side , while the girl's aunt wants to . . . well , save her from those damn devil worshippers ! enter one occult expert agent , plenty of bobo cops and lots of nuns praying , and you've just about got the gist of things here . critique : with plot holes the size of my ass , this movie barely squeezes any sense out of its clich ? -ridden plot , with wasted talent , cheezy effects , bad dialogue and unintentional laughs to boot . what's good about this movie ? well , rufus sewell is pretty fun to watch as the head of a creepy runaway children's shelter/satanist supreme , with seriously wicked eyes and just enough ham in his performance to go with all of the cheese lying around . the little girl is also pretty good but unfortunately her character doesn't really do all that much . and believe it or not , i was actually enjoying some of the film's first half hour , which starts off with some promise , but not before bonehead moves after bonehead moves from our protagonist , basinger , just drown the film's entire basis of believability . for some reason , it takes her more time than anyone to figure out that her niece is gifted , and even longer to figure out that every move that she makes . . . is a dumb one ! add that to the entire police force of incompetents , save for jimmy smits ( whose talent agent advised him that playing the exact same cop character from nypd blue would be a good career move ? at least change the clothes , jimmy ! ) , zero scares , zero thrills and even less actual drama , and you've got yourself a pretty bad movie . and why would respected actors like christina ricci and ian holm take bit parts in this movie ? did they owe the director a favor or something ? together , they barely have five minutes of screen time , but i suppose that ricci's hospital room scene might be worth a look for some of you horn-dogs . the worst part about this movie is its hilariously unbelievable ending , which features police officers coming up with the brilliant idea of " sneaking up " on a man's house , who they know to be guilty of a crime ! uuuhmm . . . how's about knocking on the door and arresting his sorry ass , officers ? ! anyway , i don't usually inscribe spoilers in my reviews but the stupidity of some of these characters is just too difficult to describe without validating it with solid idiotic proof ( and there was plenty to go around ) . and did basinger lose some of her acting " talent " during her hiatus from the profession after her 1997 oscar win ? difficult to say if it was her lines that were really bad , or if she just delivered them poorly . either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film . but if you really don't mind a rehashed gobbledygook of various satanic and " kid " -based thrillers , and enjoy watching films that don't bring anything new to the table . . . well , drink some beers , smoke some beans and rent this video , because it may just be one of the funnier thrillers of the year . 
please don't mind this windbag letting off a bit of steam . . . i just want to warn all of y'all not to waste your hard-earned $$$ on anaconda . it's not even worth a 99-cent video rental . don't listen to ebert on this one ( he has no clue what he's talking about ! ) btw i accompanied my friend to this one because she was * required * to watch it on assignment ( she reviews movies for a local paper ) . now i'll actually back up my huffing and puffing . here goes : movie : anaconda rydain's bottom line : wait for it to come on usa up all night . even then , i doubt it's worth the price of jolt ( to help you stay up that late ! ) why do i hate anaconda ? let me count the ways . . . first of all , this movie gets way too many snake facts wrong . as an ophiophile ( snake lover ) , i can tell you that a ) anacondas would never reach a length of 40 feet , b ) they're scared of people , c ) cases of snakes eating adult humans are extremely rare because human shoulders are too wide to fit in a snake's mouth , and constrictor snakes don't kill what they can't eat , d ) people can outrun snakes with no trouble , especially heavy ones like anacondas , e ) if an anaconda did eat a human , it would need at least 6 months of sitting on its butt to digest the huge meal , therefore it couldn't run around gobbling up everybody else in the cast , and f ) snakes have no vocal cords , so they can't make funny squealing noises . whew . i was prepared to suspend reality if the movie would have been worth it . unfortunately , anaconda was about as suspenseful and exciting as watching paint peel . my friend and i even successfully predicted who would live at the end . anybody can tell the bad guy is going to die eventually . that was a pity because his character was one of the few reasons my friend and i didn't give up and fall asleep . he was the most likable character in the movie . who wouldn't enjoy somebody who looks like a deranged walt whitman ? anaconda did have its cute moments : arguments between ice cube's character and the british guy , for instance . however , those small flashes of wit were not worth the other hour and twenty-eight minutes of boring schlock . the writers had - and blew - a multitude of opportunities to insert funny lines . i was quite disappointed with a scene where a young guy tells a young lady that the jungle makes him horny . did she retort with a clever , ego-withering comeback ? of course not ! " i'm trying to work ! " gee , that's even dumber than the crap comebacks i come up with . she could have told him to go find a knothole or something . . . ; p but i will admit , there was just one scene where i was surprised at the outcome ( hint : it involves the evil guy and miss crap comebacks ) . as for the plot , i'm still trying to find one . this movie was basically an excuse to get a boatload of people into dangerous territory where they could get snarfed by ridiculous , computer-generated anacondas with the eyes and fangs of vipers and the faster-than-gravity downward acceleration of a harrier jet . ( harrier snake ? ) not to mention instant digestion so they could go snarf countless other victims . the writers tried to throw in some sort of plot twist ( should i call it a plot knot because it made no sense ? ) in which the sick guy's g-friend kisses the evil dude and suddenly everybody hates said evil dude and starts trying to kill him . that was about as clear and understandable as mission : impossible . ( if someone could explain that movie to me , i'd be most grateful ! all the old-guy double agents looked the same ! ! ) i wasn't inspired by the acting , save for the evil dude . i can't blame the actors , though . it's not their fault they had a cruddy script to work with . this concludes rydain's diatribe on a shameless exploitation ( and perpetuation ! ) of public fear of snakes . comments , flames , anyone ? -rydain the atomic cheese , fresh from chernobyl dairies ! 
" easely one of the worst films of the year . . " with the millenium just around the corner , hollywood is playing with our insecurities concerning the biggest event of this century . this time it is arnold schwartzenegger against the powers of evil . the result is somewhat predictable . i didn't have high hopes about arnold's " much anticipated " return to the big screen . schwarzenegger fans will probably be pleased , action lovers won't be bored , and the catholic league will be angry . everyone else will see 'end of days' for what it is : a deliciously bad motion picture . think of it as hollywood's own y2k bug . did you know that if you turn the three diabolical numbers 666 you'll get 999 , as in 1999 ? yes , you better believe it . . satan is here on earth , working on his latest project -- the end of days . this time it is gabriel burne who gets the privilege to play lucifer and , although not al pacino , he is fun to behold . he coolly strolls through manhattan in the borrowed body of an investment banker , wreaking , as they say , havoc . the way it works is he smirks and something explodes . before the stroke of the new millennium he's got to find and impregnate a certain woman in order to climb out from under a heavenly curse as spelled out in the book of revelations . only schwarzenegger's cop attached to an anti-terrorist unit can stop him . films like this has one serious weakness -- logic . no matter how you twist the " plot " , you'll find it incredibly stupid ( even for a schwartzenegger movie ! ) . the incredible fact is that such directors never learn . after thousands of headless productions , this theme has become one big clich ? . here the devil looks more like a sex addicted maniac that has just got out of a mental institution . he is walking around n . y . , blowing everything up and killing everyone that gets in a 5 meter radius . all he wants is the girl , that is somehow special . but schwartzenegger is more clever than he looks , he has hidden her in a church , where satan dare not enter . so the evil one is forced to seduce the good cop in order to get the valuable information : " you can have your wife and daughter back . . i can give you happiness that you can only dream of . . just give me the address . . " indeed with a script like that , you could make a wonderful parody , but unfortunately the director is taking this subject very seriously , attempting to create a provoking an dramatic thriller . and for you who have awaited arnold swartzenegger's comeback , will not be very satisfied . we've not seen him in a while . that's because he didn't have a worthy opponent . he has battled nuclear terrorists on earth and power mad conspirators on mars . he has taken on alien predators in the darkest reaches of the jungle and morphing cyberkillers that seemingly nothing can stop . so , after all those fights , what's left for arnold schwarzenegger ? how about satan ? in my opinion , he has never quite overcome his first role as the deadly robot in cameron's " terminator " . and that is schwartzenegger's strength -- muscles and no emotions . here he tries to achieve an artistic level , moving towards the oscar . this is called " an adult turn " if successful and " a flop " if unsuccessful . make a wild guess ! his character has lost his wife and daughter and has serious drinking problems . this requires at least some acting skills . regrettably , the only thing convincing about old arnold is his muscles . the rest of the cast are struggling with their so called characters . the movie is otherwise technically impressive , with a solid cinematography and fine lighting . but the movie doesn't serve neither as a serious thriller ( because of its stupidity ) nor as comic entertainment ( because of its serious tone ) . the only real comic relief in this film is when swartzenegger tries to cry . the action sequences are all recycled and the effects are everything but spectacular . so i really have a hard time recommending this film to somebody . unless you are a die-hard schwartzenegger fan , stay away . as for schwarzenegger , he'll be back . 
i know there were times during this movie that i laughed pretty hard . the problem is , i can't remember them as i write this review . that's not a good sign . in booty call , jamie foxx is bunz , a character whom i can't really describe , because i don't know that much about him . i only know that he likes to shoot dice on the sidewalk , and that he doesn't like relationships , just " booty calls " at three in the morning ( no questions , no commitment ) . bunz has a best friend named rushon ( tommy davidson ) , who seems to be bunz's direct opposite : on the straight and narrow , and currently in a long-term commitment ( a whole seven weeks , wow ! ) . rushon wants to finally sleep with his girlfriend , nikki ( tamala jones ) , but for a reason which is not totally explained , it's going to happen after a double date with bunz and nikki's friend lysterine ( vivica a . fox ) , who have never met . to make a long story short , the two couples pair off and spend the rest of the evening having their attempts to do the deed spoiled by nikki's obsession with safe sex . first she wants condoms , so bunz and rushon go out and get them . oh , no , they have to be latex , not lambskin . back to the store . now they've got to get dental dams , or there'll be no foreplay . why are both couples stopped each time nikki makes a demand ? nikki phones lysterine , who lives across the hall , and tells her she'd better be making these demands , too . talk about coitus interruptus . booty call is a film that does not know whether it wants to be a regular comedy or one of those over-the-top comedies . the difference between the two is that in the latter , things constantly happen which are so far removed from reality . in this category , for example , you have ace ventura : private eye on the mild side , and airplane ! at the extreme . there are times during booty call where the film steps out of its shell and tries for this status , but then too often quickly retreats to the safety of convention . it is disappointing , and even worse , distracting . there are also instances where the screenplay by takashi bufford and bootsie parker ( are those real names ? ) does not live up to its potential , as jokes are left unexploited or even ruined by bad writing . for instance , there is a scene where our main characters are in a chinese restaurant . bunz goes up to an asian gangster and speaks to him in fluent cantonese , much to everyone's surprise . however , when asked how he learned the language , he goes into this explanation of how he started picking up words from late-night kung-fu films , and soon gained mastery . this negated the ludicrousness of the entire scene . if , on the other hand , when asked how he learned to speak chinese , bunz simply replied with , " kung-fu movies , " and then moved on , the joke would have been much more effective . this is because it would have been totally unbelievable , but funny because we know it is unbelievable . by explaining the point and trying to make the ridiculous plausible , the film is not giving its viewers enough credit . the inconsistency and uncertain believability unfortunately also raise other questions . why are two such disparate people like bunz and rushon best friends ? why do rushon and nikki fix up bunz and lysterine ? if nikki is so obsessed with safe sex , why doesn't she have some condoms at her own apartment ? these questions are not answered by the screenplay , but are overlooked for the sole reason of moving the plot forward . a very noticeable quality of booty call is the prevalence of unnecessary foul language . some movies use a lot of swear words , but use them under very justifiable circumstances , as when they are employed consistent with a character's pattern of speech . other films , such as the recent jackie brown , use them in ways that almost parody themselves . booty call just sticks them in to get laughs , and it doesn't work . they stick out like sore thumbs because there is almost no reason to use them . half of the scenes seem to occur for no reason . the chinese restaurant , a holdup at a convenience store , and a trip to the hospital seem to have nothing to do with the story , and are in there for filler . this is surprising , considering that the film is less than eighty minutes long . it's too bad that the core of the film isn't much better , since it is comprised of sometimes funny , but forgettable dialog . i refer you to the first paragraph of this review . 
when i watch a movie like mike nichols' what planet are you from ? i can't help but feel like everyone is looking at me . it's as if all the audience is gazing at the back of my head in the darkness , eyes shooting daggers , quietly blaming me for the fact that they paid hard-earned money to spend their time watching this . . . this . . . thing . i shift uncomfortably in my seat . i'm reminded of how i feel when i see a pair of second- or third-rate celebrities engaging in a teleprompted " funny " conversation to introduce the next blockbuster award . it's not my fault , i know it's not my fault , but dammit , someone's gotta be embarrassed , because it doesn't look like anyone on the screen is ready to take the blame . i'm about to give you a list of names of people who are gonna make a movie together : garry shandling , annette bening , john goodman , greg kinnear , mike nichols . do any of these names make you instantly shudder ? the answer i would have come up with before today is no , this is quite a list of talented individuals we've got here . granted , john goodman was in the flintstones , and greg kinnear has turned in some less-than-lackluster leading man performances in certified failures like a smile like yours , but even so , they've got proven power as excellent supporting players . garry shandling has two television classics under his belt , his ingenious little it's garry shandling's show and the larry sanders show . and for god's sake , mike nichols directed the graduate , and annette bening is just walking away from american beauty . so explain this . . . this . . . thing . what planet are you from ? purports to be a comedy exploring the relationship between men and women satirizing the whole pop-psychology mars/venus phenomenon . but what this movie winds up being is a collection of unfunny cringe-inducing moments coupled with uninsightful cringe-inducing moments ; the end result is , unsurprisingly , an unfunny , uninsightful , cringe-inducing , thoroughly icky embarrassment . garry shandling plays an alien from a planet populated by technologically advanced but emotionally vacant males ( they reproduce through cloning , of course ) . his leaders put a select group of males through a series of tests designed to determine which one is most fit to fly off to earth , find a female of the species , and impregnate her . they're taught how to pretend that they're listening by nodding and saying " uh-huh , " and how to compliment shoes . imagine my delighted surprise when , oh heavens , all their carefully practiced tactics turn out to fail miserably , producing comedic results ! the lucky winner is fitted with a penis ( since theirs , after generations of disuse have long since shrunk out of existence . . . i will restrain myself from mentioning the implausibility of such a scenario since the population has stopped evolving due to the fact that they're all just clones . . . whoops , too late . ) the penis , when aroused , tends to make a humming noise . the writers , when frequently strapped for ideas , tend to turn to this as a source of " comedy . " it isn't funny the first time . it isn't funny the eighth time . it isn't funny the eighteenth time . if anything , it made me feel vaguely self-conscious . garry meets up with a coworker at a bank played by greg kinnear , who turns out to be a generic , unlikable scumbag . he's meant to fill the part of unfortunate role model for shandling's alien character , but he's so flatly drawn that even the writers quickly give up and toss him aside . kinnear's scumbagginess is demonstrated by the fact that he claims other peoples' work as his own to worm his way into a vice presidents' position and goes to aa meetings to pick up chicks . wow . what a magnificent bastard . nearly every man in the movie , in fact , is played as the same sort of sex-driven slimeball . when kinnear's wife walks into the office , there isn't a single guy who doesn't trip , bump into a wall , or otherwise pratfall as if they'd never seen a woman before . the few guys that aren't particularly slimeballs , such as john goodman's detective character , are simply uncommunicative workaholics . shandling meets up with annette bening , who will inevitably prove to be the love he never knew existed , at one of kinnear's aa meetings . shandling's mission is to have a baby , and when he reveals his desires to her , bening instantly falls for him , and the next day . . . they get married . yup . the next day . cuz ya see , it turns out she wants a baby too ! bening's character perhaps was the most difficult to watch , especially after seeing her come apart at the seams so effectively in american beauty . . . if her character here is supposed to be representing the female of the species as a whole , then woe , i say , to the species . she's unfathomably insecure , and succumbs so easily to all of shandling's lines and lies that it borders on tragic . there's a point where , after thinking she may not be able to bear children , she learns that she is indeed pregnant . when garry comes home after nearly cheating on her , she strolls into the kitchen and sings " high hopes " ( you know , the uplifting ant and the rubber tree plant song ) to deliver the news , and then says to him , " now you can't leave me . " we're supposed to empathize with shandling's discovery of the feeling of " guilt , " but instead i wanted to weep for bening that she was placing her entire life and soul firmly in the lap of a great big nothing . and eventually , shandling falls in love with her . . . for real , i suppose , though i'm not sure exactly what prompted it . what's the message i derive from all this ? men are liars , inherently empty creatures , but if you hang around long enough . . . well , maybe something will click . ha ha . . . ha ? i'm thankful such broad cynicism isn't frequently allowed to run so rampant . let's all join hands and pray that the planet these folks are from is not this one . there's also a subplot involving john goodman as an airline incident investigator that wades in the bog of stupidity . goodman , through a series of astoundingly implausible realizations , puts together the fact that shandling is a being from another world with a magic , vibrating penis . it has all the makings for a subplot of having shandling be discovered , that , thankfully , never comes to the inevitable hackneyed fruition . instead , it just dangles limply on the branch for a while , withers , and falls away . further proof that goodman should just stick to doing coen brothers movies . but let's not dwell on this any longer , i've already wasted plenty of your time and my own . let's move on , forget about what we've seen here , and get on with our lives . and to help us out , let's end things on a happy note . . . congratuations go out to annette bening , winner of this week's " title ! " award , for delivering the awkward line of dialog containing the movie's name . 
over 40 years ago , a japanese production company called toho introduced the land of the rising sun to gojira , a reptilian creature of immense proportions created by mankind's nuclear testing . partly flight of fancy , partly commentary on the exploitation of atomic power and weaponry , gojira emerged from the ocean to terrorize tokyo . a year later , gojira was marketed to the united states by adding three things : a new name , a dubbed english track , and raymond burr . as godzilla , the film took on the rest of the world . thirty years later , toho remade the classic film and once again took it to the american market by adding the same three things ( yes , including raymond burr ) and called it godzilla 1985 . now it's 14 years after toho's remake , and director roland emmerich has allowed the giant lizard to make an american first run . in emmerich's godzilla , matthew broderick plays dr . niko tatopoulos , a biologist who is called in to join other scientists in the south pacific already studying the existence of a radiation-induced super mutant which leaves footprints the size of livingrooms . when the mutant reptile suddenly appears out of the hudson river , tatopoulos and the rest of the team relocate themselves back to the states . meanwhile , tatopoulos's college girlfriend , audrey timmonds ( maria pitillo ) , works in new york city as an assistant to a big-time news reporter . she'd like to be a reporter herself , and when godzilla comes ashore , she figures this is her big break . of course , with the big guy running amok in the city , niko and audrey are bound to cross paths , and are joined by victor " animal " palotti ( hank azaria ) , audrey's trusty cameraman friend , and phillipe roche ( jean reno ) , an operative for the french government , whose nuclear testing started the whole problem in the first place . together they attempt to find and destroy the surprisingly elusive godzilla . with the resources of the most cutting edge special effects houses and the clout of one of the nation's premiere movie production companies , one would think emmerich could make a film truly deserving of the name godzilla . he didn't . right up there with the lost world , godzilla is one of the biggest disappointments in recent cinematic history . the plot is pretty much what we expect : the big dinosaur-like creature comes out of the water and starts smashing new york city , and it's up to our heroes to figure out why this thing is on its rampage and how it can be stopped , while the military makes futile attempts to bring the creature down . the script , however , is painfully bad . it's fraught with lines so corny , they don't even belong in b-movies , and includes many character actions which make you think , " you idiot , " or " you stupid girl . " i suppose when you've got a movie with a giant lizard loose in new york , any other semblance of reality goes out the window as well . why is it that godzilla topples some buildings by merely brushing against them , but is conveniently able to leap atop others ? why do helicopters have to follow godzilla by flying dangerously between buildings where they can lose sight of him , when they could more easily keep track of him by flying a little higher and in a straight line ? why do sidewinder missiles , which have small explosive warheads , blow up entire buildings when they miss godzilla ? why is a mission to bomb madison square garden carried out by three f-18 fighter-bombers , when flights of such aircraft are always comprised of multiples of two ? okay , maybe the last one was a bit nit-picky , but hey , i was on a roll . broderick is usually a good actor , but in this film he's weighed down by an unexciting character and an atrocious screenplay which seem to fight against him every step of the way . hank azaria does what he can , but don't expect to see development of any of the promise he showed in the birdcage . like broderick's , azaria's character is quite simply lacking in color . what really annoyed me was maria pitillo , who actually takes the bad script and makes it worse with her acting . casting must have been asleep on this one . the one bright spot here is jean reno , who oddly enough seems to fit well into a role which is often comedic , quite unlike what we've seem him do in the past . although his character is contradictory to the unfolding disaster , reno brings a style to the role of phillipe which makes him enjoyable . unfortunately , the same cannot be said of the other incongruities . the entire feel of the movie is tongue-in-cheek , and seems to pay comical homage to a dozen or so films that have come before it . this results in a significant amount of parody , which contrasts sharply with the threat of the monster , and ends up just producing a mess . most of the characters seem to be there for comic relief , and almost none are smart enough for the audience to take seriously . although emmerich obviously wanted to make a fun action picture , what good is it to sink millions into a cgi creature whose ferocity is undermined by the humans he threatens ? if we can't take the characters seriously , the threat they face is an empty one because we simply don't care what happens to them . godzilla simply pulls too many punches in its attempt to be a film more light-hearted than it should be . far be it from me to want to see more carnage in the theaters , but here's a behemoth running through the city ! there's bound to be a lot of casualties , but instead godzilla is afflicted with the after-school g . i . joe cartoon syndrome , where almost everyone seems to get out of harm's way just in time . in a couple of scenes , godzilla briefly breathes fire . none of the characters even remark upon this ability , nor is it used to any particular advantage by the filmmakers . it's as if the special effects people just wanted to show that yes , godzilla can do this , just like in the old movie . consider another punch pulled . through creative script writing , you can make a sequel out of just about any movie , but the final scene in this one doesn't just leave the door open , it opens into a hallway leading directly into a room where godzilla ii is waiting patiently . it made me want to gag . emmerich should have done away with 90% of the humor and in-jokes and played this one as a straight action film . with an intelligently written screenplay , godzilla could have been so much more . however , by confusing the viewer with a ton of add-ins and parodies , the movie ends up being something that just doesn't work . now if they only had raymond burr . . . . 
fantastically over hyped , godzila finally lumbers onto the big screen . the film opens with footage of nuclear testing on the french polynesian islands , then an attack on a boat from some beast , and finally we join dr . nick tatopoulos ( broderick looking about 17 years old ) doing some research in chernobyl . some shady u . s government guys appear , and ask him to come to an island where they have massive footprints , from what looks like a giant lizard . and what's more , this beast is heading for new york . gulp ! although godzilla should be a non stop roller coaster ride , and at some points it is , there is something curiously uninvolving and unexciting about this movie . the main faults lie with the acting and writing , common problems with 'summer blockbuster' movies . broderick is pretty useless as the hero , with no humour or a 'tough guy' image . while emmerich's previous summer flick , independence day ( 1996 ) had wisecracks and action from jeff goldblum and will smith , this has neither . also , maria pitillo , as broderick's former girlfriend , is just as useless , with a chronic disability in acting . she's incapable of showing emotion , speaks every line in the same way , and basically she's total crap . it's up to french actor jean reno to save the day , and indeed he does , turning in a campy performance as a french secret agent . shame he has such little screen time in such a overlong film . hank azaria also turns up as a crazy cameraman named 'animal' , and he adds a little life to the picture . also making an appearance is harry shearer ( probably best know for doing voices in the simpsons ) as a slimy news reporter . o . k , so the acting is not up to par , but it never is in these movies . but what about the script ? well , that's not up to par either . emmerich and screenwriting pal dean devlin seem so caught in the destruction of new york city that they forgot to write a script . the dialogue is banal ( broderick looks at a lot of fish and utters 'that's a lot of fish . ' ) , and the character development is non existent ( reno plays the typical frenchman ( 'no croissant ? ' ) , broderick forever remains a geeky scientist . ) also , the film is seriously lacking a sense of humour . the jokes that are uttered are pathetic , and there's an 'hilarious' running gag about siskel and ebert . ( the mayor is mayor ebert , and is assistant is called gene ! ha ha ha ha ! . ) the plot is dire , and in the end just rips off jurassic park ( 1993 ) by having lots of baby godzilla's ( i . e . velicorapters ) running around new york . right , so the script and acting suck . but what about the special effects ? thankfully , they're are quite good . godzilla is an impressive piece of cgi , although we don't see much of him because the movie is so dark . the destruction of new york is pretty well done aswell . but although they are impressive , they can't save godzilla from being an hugely disappointing and boring movie . the movie goes on for far too long aswell , and it can't seem to decide on a ending . and of course , the ending itself leaves possibility for a sequel . let's just hope one never arrives . 
if you're debating whether or not to see _breakfast_of_champions_ , ask yourself one simple question : do you want to see nick nolte in lingerie ? the only people who would get much enjoyment from alan rudolph's chaotic adaptation of the kurt vonnegut novel is the cross-section of the population with the unhealthy urge to see that unpleasant sight . everyone else--and i'm hoping that's most people--would be wise to steer clear of this excrutiatingly unfunny mess . actually , though , the sight of nolte in high heels is one of the more amusing things about this muddle , which focuses dwayne hoover ( bruce willis ) , the owner of dwayne hoover's exit 11 motor village in midland city . not only is he a huge success as a businessman , he's also something of a celebrity , his face made recognizable by an ongoing series of television commercials . with a nice home and family to boot , dwayne appears to have it all the ingredients to be happy--yet he's not . his wife celia ( barbara hershey ) is perpetually in a pill-induced haze ; his son george ( lukas haas ) is a flamboyant lounge singer who goes by the stage name " bunny . " not only that , the environmental protection agency is on dwayne's ass over a building development project . it's enough to send dwayne on a nervous breakdown--that is , if he doesn't succeed in blowing his brains out first . meanwhile , midland city is about to host a fine arts festival , and the guest of honor is one kilgore trout ( albert finney ) , a writer who is far from the renowned author the festival's organizer ( buck henry ) was led to believe--in fact , he's a penniless hack who writes second-rate sci-fi that appears in porn magazines . his trek to midland city is also a spiritual journey , one that reaches its apex after meeting dwayne , who for some reason thinks that trout will hold for him all of life's answers . the above is already a longer plot synopsis than i usually give in my reviews , but , ironically , i have barely scratched the surface . i haven't yet mentioned wayne hoobler ( omar epps ) , an ex-con with an obsessive admiration for the similarly-named dwayne . then there's the matter of francine ( glenne headly ) , dwayne's devoted secretary . not to mention dwayne's employee and old friend harry lesabre ( nolte ) , the one with the secret penchant for cross-dressing . and so on . the film is essentially dwayne's story , but too often rudolph goes on distracting tangents with the eccentric peripheral players that one often wonders what the point is . rudolph does arrive at a point ( more on that later ) , but it's blunted and obscured by his hyperactive approach to the material . the surreal visual style , complete with printed words flying through the air and into dwayne's ears , is obviously meant to convey a sense of madness , but its bludgeoning nature is likely to make viewers mad . the actors are called on to act accordingly , resulting in some of the worst , most overdone work all of them have ever turned in . willis fares best of all--but that's because his frozen expression of befuddled bewilderment mirrors that of the audience . with such an aggressively outrageous atmosphere for nearly all of its running time , it comes as a shock when things suddenly turn serious , and rudolph tries to make a statement . unlike _american_beauty_ ( a film that _breakfast_ resembles in more than a few ways , to its great detriment ) , there isn't any palpably earnest undercurrent that would prepare the audience for the big shift . as such , the cartoony characters fail to win a sympathy that needs to be earned ; and the film attempts , to no avail , to reach a profundity that it doesn't deserve . vonnegut's original novel is considered a classic , but it had been called unfilmable--the same that was said of hunter s . thompson's _fear_and_loathing_in_las_vegas_ , which was disastrously committed to film last year by terry gilliam . with the similar failure of _breakfast_of_champions_ , will hollywood ever learn that books labeled " unfilmable " inevitably results in a film that is unwatchable ? likely not . 
this is the kind of movie that makes one appreciate disney's live- action george of the jungle . tarzan and the lost city , the latest attempt to bring edgar rice burrough's legendary hero to the big screen , is one of the most inept and ill-timed of any tarzan adventure so far . badly conceived and poorly executed , tarzan and the lost city appears headed for a quick trip to video store shelves . i have no idea why the producers chose now to bring back tarzan ; it's not as if there are legions of new fans clamoring for his next movie . furthermore , it's even more curious that this film is rated pg , which , by definition , rules out any sex or explicit violence . and , while i'm not advocating the excesses embraced by the 1981 bo derek version of the story , tarzan deserves a slightly more adult approach than the one used in the embarrassing production . of course , no tweaking of the content to change the rating could have saved tarzan and the lost city , since the film's troubles originated with the script and were propagated all the way down the line . imagine george of the jungle stripped of all ( intentional ) humor , and you have a fair idea of what this tarzan is like . with its uninspired action and tepid adventure sequences , the film barely registers a pulse . anyone in search of a relatively entertaining , family jungle adventure should check out the 1994 version of the jungle book , which uses the same basic elements to much better effect . the only worthwhile element of tarzan and the lost city is the pretty scenery ( which , unfortunately , includes the two lead actors ) . the film doesn't attempt to re-tell the origin story ? the thinking is that it has been done often enough . instead , tarzan and the lost city introduces us to lord graystoke a . k . a . john clayton a . k . a . tarzan the ape man ( casper van dien ) several days before his marriage to lady jane porter ( jane march ) . he is living happily in england , enjoying the benefits of being a land-owning noble . meanwhile , in central africa , the dastardly nigel ravens ( steven waddington ) , a self-proclaimed scholar and explorer , believes he has found the way to the lost city of opar , which he calls the cradle of civilization . on the way there , he and his band of mercenaries do all sorts of nasty things , like burning native villages , to earn the wrath of the locals . one shaman , determined to stop ravens from unearthing opal , sends a mystical message to tarzan for help . with lady jane following close behind , he returns to the jungle where he was born . its patently obvious that casper van dien ( one of the pretty-boy heroes of starship troopers ) was not hired on the basis of his acting ability . with his plastic facial expressions , monotone voice , and complete inability to make convincing animal noises , his range rivals that of steven seagal . his pecs , however , are impressive , and director carl schenkel makes sure that he is given every opportunity to show them off . jane march , on the other hand , has to keep her shirt on , which may be a first for her . some six years ago , march give a solid performance in jean jacques annaud's steamy the lover . since then , she made the career-killing decision of appearing opposite bruce willis in the color of night , which exploited her every acting defiency . tarzan continues this trend . march may be attractive , but , at least judging by this performance , she can't act . meanwhile , steven waddington has serious trouble summoning up the menace necessary to be a really detestable bad guy . instead , he turns out to be little more than a nuisance . the story line is pure formula , which has largely been true throughout the years for almost all of the tarzan movies . the problem is that this one seems so childish and lifeless . the romantic elements are all contrived ? in fact , lady jane's presence is necessary only so she can be captured and subsequently rescued by her buff fiance . the special effects are truly bottom-of-the-barrel ( including some laughably bad men in ape costumes ? apparently , animatronics were too expensive for this production ) . and , of course , as with all jungle movies , there are the obligatory cute animals . over the years , the legend of tarzan has been one of the most popular sources for film series material . the most famous ape man was johnny weismuller , but no less than two dozen other actors have essayed the part ( including gordon scott , who is widely believed to be the best actor to tackle the role ) . weismuller made 12 tarzan features ; van dien will probably fall 11 short of that number . and , having seen tarzan and the lost city , i would argue that the movie-going public would have been well served if he had missed by 12 . 
dr . alan grant ( sam neill , " jurassic park " ) is becoming disillusioned . paleontology is no longer the sexy science it once was since the ingen corporation cloned his subject matter . his lectures bring people interested in his adventures on isla nubla rather than his research and funding dollars are drying up . when the kirbys ( william h . macy , " fargo " ; tea leoni , " the family man " ) ask him to be their guide for an anniversary flyover of isla sorna ( the notorious site b of " the lost world " ) he's disdainful , but once they wave their checkbook , he reconsiders . however the kirbys haven't given dr . grant their real agenda in " jurassic park iii . " of course , we , the audience , have been tipped off , given that the film begins by showing us eric ( trevor morgan , " the patriot " ) , a young boy , and ben ( mark harelik , " election " ) going for a paragliding adventure off that same island that goes awry ( and looks like cheesy rear projection ) . grant's established back home with a new right hand man , billy brennan ( alessandro nivola , " love's labour's lost " ) on site at a dig in montana sorely lacking funds . he also pays a visit to old flame dr . ellie sattler ( laura dern , " jurassic park " ) , now married to another with a young son who calls grant 'the dinosaur man' apparently for the sole purpose of dredging her up again for the film's poorly imagined finale . grant takes billy along on the kirbys trip , which is really an illegal gambit to save their son , that young paraglider . the couple aren't millionaires , making grant's check bogus , and they're separated as well ( eric was with amanda's new boyfriend , not that that makes much sense ) , meaning we're in for some gooey family dynamics while waiting for the dino dining . the kirbys hired hands ( and obvious bait ) are a threesome led by mr . udesky ( michael jeter , " the gift " ) . ( didn't anyone consider that casting michael jeter and william h . macy together and not having them be related was a little odd ? ) as directed by joe johnston ( " october sky , " " jumanji " ) ( spielberg only produced this one ) from a risible script by peter buchman and the " election " team of alexander payne & jim taylor , " jurassic park iii " is nothing more than a quickie monster flick with a couple of new dinos ( a spinosauraus , which goes head to head with the t-rex , and pteranodons ) . the plot , as it were , is a series of coincidences combined with extreme leaps of faith and a trifecta of stupid cell phone tricks . the effects are no longer new , and , as shot by television cinematographer shelly johnson , rather murky looking at times . film editing by robert dalva ( " october sky " ) was presumably done by machete , to keep this down to a 90 minute run time . i know of no other reason to explain the ridiculous ending which features the survivors confronting a pack of raptors , then being saved by the most ludicrous of logic jumps within a few minutes . 'original' music by don davis just repeats john williams' original themes . while neill and young morgan attempt to inject some humor and humanity into the proceedings , the rest of the cast are plodding unexceptional . " jurassic park iii " will probably provide some quick entertainment for those who go into it knowing what to expect , the same crowd who maybe liked " the lost world : jurassic park . " 
" it was not scary . " these are the first words that came to mind after it was over . when a movie is called _vampires_ , " not scary " aren't words that should be associated with it . but that wasn't my only gripe . john carpenter is a name associated with cutting-edge cinema , as in the intense scares of _halloween_ , _the thing_ and _the prince of darkness_ , or the offbeat action of _they live_ and _escape from new york_ . unfortunately , the only thing that is cutting edge about _vampires_ is the level of boredom the movie is able to reach . with an anemic plot and not-quite-kosher special effects , _john carpenter's vampires_ has barely enough substance to slake the thirst of even the least discerning genre fan . the film is at first concerned with a group of roaming vampire slayers , led by james woods , of all people . like some sort of holy a-team ( they even have their own souped-up van ) , the bunch invade and wipe out a nest of vampires in a new mexico shack . their method is amusingly innovative : the blood-suckers are reeled out with harpoons so they can flare up in the sun like matchsticks . to commemorate their victory , the loutish band decorates a motel room with hookers and parties the night away . their celebration is short-lived , however , as a master vampire named valek ambushes and single-handedly destroys most of the team . woods' jack crow and buddy montoya ( daniel baldwin ) escape with their lives , along with a woman named katrina ( sheryl lee ) . although the woman has been bitten , montoya and crow decide to keep katrina for her psychic link to the master vampire . the rest of the movie is concerned with the boys' hunt for valek ( thomas ian griffith ) , a freaky marilyn manson-type who's on a mission that dates back 600 years . along the way they pick up a priest named guiteau ( tim guinee ) , a character who serves pretty much the same purpose as the jittery cpl . upham in _saving private ryan_ . some stuff happens in the middle of the movie , but i can't remember most of it , because i often found a twitching hair in the corner of the frame more interesting than what was happening on screen . _vampires_ finally starts to pick up about 90 minutes into the mix , as crow , guiteau , and montoya assault an abandoned prison-turned vampire nest . only then does the film begin to even resemble a carpenter flick . but it's too little too late . we get the inevitable final confrontation , but it seems tacked on and rather anti-climactic ( come on , we're dealing with _the_ master vampire here ! ) interestingly , last summer's vampire actioner _blade_ was derived from a comic book , and _vampires_ from a novel , yet the latter seems more steeped in campy cheesiness than the former , a more deliberate superhero flick . woods' jack crow spouts glib off-the-cuff one-liners and strolls away from exploding buildings with that oh-so-cool stride . and his motive for killing vampires ? take a wild guess . ( hint : a ______ killed his _____ when he was just a _____ . ) at least _blade_ had decent action and slick stylishness . _vampires_ lacks even cheap thrills to mask its gossamer-thin plot . to make up for this , the movie resorts to other " shocks , " such as its generally condescending attitude towards women ( crow slaps them around for the fun of it ) and an overplayed contempt for religion ( crow teases guiteau incessantly about whether his vow of celibacy has made him prone to " getting woodies . " ) it can be argued that maybe i wanted too much from this movie . if not scary and gory , i wanted tense , relentless , and exhausting . _john carpenter's vampires_ is none of these . i can only recommended it for the hardcore carpenter fan . for the rest of you looking for a good scare , beware : _vampires_ is a film with no teeth . 
gregg araki's the doom generation was possibly the very worst film ever made . so why did i see his latest teen bisexual angst opus ? first of all , some of the reviews were fairly positive . also , the cast , consisting of cameos from dozens of washed up ex tv stars ( including christopher knight , eve plumb , shannen doherty , and david leisure ) was promising . last of all , i wanted to give arraki one more chance . i mean , the guy can't be that untalented , can he ? the answer to that question is three letters long . nowhere follows the character dark on his wild and odd journey through los angeles . since arraki doesn't know how to make anything coherent , it's hard to describe the plot . let's just say that dark spends the bulk of the movie whining that his girlfriend won't make a commitment to him and jealous because she sleeps around with other guys and girls . the only remotely compelling storyline involves sarah lassez as a teen who has a chance encounter with a famous tv star . he turns out to be a nice guy who doesn't care for fame and wishes he could walk down the street without being mobbed by fans . this story has a shocking twist and a tragic end that i did not see coming . it is the first time i ever felt any compassion for a character created by arraki , and this can be attributed to the appealing performance of lassez . i thought maybe arraki was improving in his craft . he works better with the camera this time around , especially in the early scenes . halfway through the film , i didn't necessarily find myself enjoying the film , but it seemed like a considerable improvement on the doom generation . then as the movie went on , arraki loses all sensibility and introduces us to exploding heads , twisted sex games , and alien abductions . it's sad , because he almost actually had some decent material here , but he ruined it with his usual in your face " i'm such a renegade maverick filmmaker , look what i can do " attitude . the performances are generally better than in the doom generation , which isn't saying much . at least we don't have to suffer jonathan " i am the most hideous man in america " schaech . we are , however treated to another round of james " i'm more wooden than keanu " duval . sarah lassez gives the best performance in the film , and kathleen robertson ( formerly of 90210 and now arraki's wife ) and rachel true are talented actresses caught up in this mess . of the tv star cameos , john ritter is the most interesting as a deranged right wing tv evangelist . if i prefer nowhere to the doom generation , it is only in the way that i would prefer being assassinated than receive constant physical torture . maybe greg arraki doesn't want you to like his characters . maybe he wants to laugh and make fun of those of us who try to care about them . maybe he just wanted to piss me off . if so , he was successful . 
claire danes , giovanni ribisi , and omar epps make a likable trio of protagonists , but they're just about the only palatable element of the mod squad , a lame-brained big-screen version of the 70s tv show . the story has all the originality of a block of wood ( well , it would if you could decipher it ) , the characters are all blank slates , and scott silver's perfunctory action sequences are as cliched as they come . by sheer force of talent , the three actors wring marginal enjoyment from the proceedings whenever they're on screen , but the mod squad is just a second-rate action picture with a first-rate cast . 
michael crichton has had a long career of writing novels , many of which are science fiction . the most profitable film adaptation of any novel was an adaptation of a michael crichton science fiction novel . so in the logic of the film industry a good way to make a profitable film would be to make a big-budget adaptation of another crichton science fiction novel . congo failed , and i am afraid that sphere is probably not going to fare a whole lot better . it a little better than just okay novel and it makes a film that is not even that good . the film is expensive , over one hundred million dollars ; is long , 133 minutes ; has a terrific cast , including dustin hoffman , samuel l . jackson , and sharon stone ; but has little that is really original and less that is exciting . several years ago dr . norman goodman ( played by dustin hoffman ) was asked to write up a set of procedures for the government to follow if an alien entity was actually encountered . the plan he wrote was only semi-serious , but did explicitly define a team of experts who should investigate the alien . now that team has been assembled by a mysterious team leader named barnes ( peter coyote ) to study a spacecraft almost a half mile in length that apparently dropped into the pacific ocean in the early 1700s . suddenly norman's less than serious procedure has become an action plan for dealing with a real alien spacecraft . included in the team to investigate are mathematician harry adams ( samuel l . jackson ) , biologist beth halperin ( sharon stone ) , and astrophysicist ted fielding ( liev schreiber ) . together they travel to the deep pacific spaceship to understand its secrets . one major secret is the meaning of the huge sphere of gold-toned liquid metal at the heart of this spaceship . what is disappointing about this film is that it does not have really effective performances . director barry levinson is at his best with good actors rather than good special effects . the problem here is he is making a big-budget science fiction film . it has some effects , but the most intriguing effect he shows only as an outline on a radar screen . the technique is to suggest rather than to show and let the actors and the viewer's imagination carry the film as robert wise did with the haunting . that could be a reasonable approach in a low-budget film . but that requires creating much more atmosphere than levinson can manage to muster . it requires the actors to give really compelling performances and simply put , they don't . hoffman's acting seems muted . jackson seems to laid back . we do not feel for these characters and do not get inside their heads . levinson paid big bucks for his actors and does not really get price performance . and why we have queen latifah as a minor functionary on the expedition is anybody's guess . a cast of unknowns could have delivered as much emotional impact at a fraction of the price . look how much more powerful a film like alien was with only moderate actors . most science fiction spectaculars these days have second-tier actors and first-tier special effects . levinson tries second-tier effects , and first-tier actors , but never makes that exchange pay off for the viewer . perhaps sci-fi spectaculars are just not an actor's medium . the result gets a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
once upon a time jean-claude van damme was a decent action hero . the muscles from brussels bursted into the hollywood market with mindless adventure films , boasting his spectacular martial-arts ability . some of these excursions were fun . but now it seems like watching a van damme movie has become a painful chore , with no rewards but the virtually guaranteed helping of mind-numbing action . and when the action goes sour , what is there left to enjoy ? i'll explain . knock off is about a pair of counterfeit jeans salesmen working out of an office in hong kong . marcus ray ( van damme ) , a babe-magnet and stylish dresser , heads up the company with an annoying weasel of a partner ( rob schneider ) . they become part of a plot involving microbombs implanted in counterfeit jeans , seemingly by a mole in the business . i'm going to reveal about everything in the next paragraph , so if you want a review devoid of spoilers , skip onto the next one . i'm not quite sure who gives a crap , but i'll issue a warning anyhow . tommy is really working with the cia . his boss ( a very hammy and flat paul sorvino ) is the mole , and he wants to cause carnage with these tiny but immensely powerful super weapons . he even stoops so low to put them into children's toys . if you thought this plot outline sounded intriguing , then you probably will enjoy knock off . if you think that this ridiculous set-up couldn't even fill five minutes of screen time without causing you to roll over laughing , this might not be your cup of tea . knock off sucks . it stoops to ridiculous levels that most individuals could only conjure up in horrific nightmares . it amazes me how far these producers will go to sell something , simply because van damme is the star . the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe . director tsui hark ( who teamed with van damme in the superior , but still lame-brained double team ) is at the helm , and he would rather attempt to dazzle us with fantastic camera angles than engage us with the plot . i suppose i enjoyed some of the camera work , but the incessant desperation of it all made me rather nauseous . the picture freezes in the middle of an action sequence , speeds are altered consistently , and the camera tricks mostly apply to traveling up gun barrels as the weapons are fired . it all sounds very cool . trust me , it isn't . as much as it scars me to say this ( har , har ) , van damme is terrible . sure , he does lots of fancy kickboxing moves and dodges giant crates with the greatest of ease . he looks like he's doing a bad impersonation of jackie chan , and his performance is stiff and tired . i hate to say it , but perhaps it's time for mr . van damme to give up his day job . it's really a test of endurance watching knock off . i suppose there's some enjoyment derived from schneider's character , who is extremely annoying , but provides the film's better moments . and what is the beautiful lela rochon doing in this movie ? hopefully she grabbed her paycheck and then fled the premises like an olympic sprinter . knock off doesn't even stand strong as a mindless but entertaining action film , like a handful of van damme's others . no , this movie is an embarrassment to the entire action genre of modern filmmaking . and considering how low hollywood has stooped as of late in that department , that is certainly not saying much . note to self : avoid universal soldier 2 : the return upon release in august ? 99 . 
tomb raider . fun ? exciting ? challenging ? given the unprecedented popularity ( especially among teenage boys ) of the video game that sports an uber-buff , pistol packin' babe who raids , well . . . tombs , you have to believe it's these three things and more ! " lara croft : tomb raider , " the big screen variant of said video game , which features a pumped-up angelina jolie ( the oscar ? winner for " girl , interrupted " no less ) in the title role is , however , none of these things . it isn't fun , it isn't exciting , and the only challenge is seeing how long you can stay in your seat ( i suffered through to the bitter , bitter end ; the wife opted for barnes & noble at the 45-minute mark ) . directed by simon west with the same subtlety he brought to " con air , " " tomb raider " is an empty-headed , big budget bore . the story borrows unintelligently from that mother of all turkeys " hudson hawk " ( the same hokum about planetary alignments and sacred stones that , when brought together , well . . . who the heck cares ? ) and it makes " super mario bros . " ( bob hoskins' ill-advised career move ) look like " rocco and his brothers " ( that classic of italian neo-realism ) . i'll go out on a limb here and say i suspect there's actually more character development in the video game than the movie proper . this is where the jolie defenders/video game nuts jump in and say this movie isn't about character development it's about kicking serious butt ( or bum , since ms . croft hails from england's green and pleasant ) . with lips , breasts , and biceps all inflated to the max , lara croft is all about posturing , and jolie has a hard time simply standing still without trying to look tough . ok , let's forget challenging . shouldn't " tomb raider " be , at the very least , fun and exciting ? shouldn't our butt-kicking heroine also encompass the sophistication of , say , james bond with the wit of indiana jones ? there's no humor to be found anywhere in " tomb raider , " even though it tries hard from time to time . even " the mummy returns " didn't take itself too seriously . the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non-existent . to liven things up ( perhaps ) , jolie's live father jon voight puts in a few minutes as lara's dead father lord croft ; talk about a stretch . one thing i hadn't expected from the film is that jolie affects a slightly better english accent than her pa ( although i suspect that thin-looking moustache he's forced to wear gets in the way some ) . unsuccessful ? not entirely . if anything , " lara croft : tomb raider " makes you want to check out the video game itself to figure out exactly what all the fuss was about . 
if anyone had been able in 1983 to forsee a late-night cable show hosted by gilbert gottfried showcasing some of the worst films of the 80's , they'd agree d . c . cab is the quintessential " usa up all nite " movie . it's one of those childish r-rated movies that kids would love but can't see until it's edited for tv . it's also one of those pointless , almost plotless movies with hardly any laughs . and , strike three , it pairs mr . t with gary busey . i heard gilbert say d . c . cab had " an all-star cast , " but i'm still hoping there was some degree of facetiousness in that statement . when third-billing goes to a two-minute appearance by famed flashdancer irene cara " as herself , " you can't say a damn thing about all-star casts . likewise for token appearances by marsha " roz " warfield , paul rodriguez and " politically incorrect " host bill maher , before he was somebody . appearing in d . c . cab pretty much had the opposite effect on everyone else , especially irene " i'm gonna live forever " cara . d . c . cab is an ensemble comedy from joel schumacher ( who would go on to direct batman forever ) about a bunch of misfits who drive cabs . you get the feeling if the police academy cadets had made a different career choice , this would be the result , except here you have such interesting characters as the " token white guy " ( busey ) who wants to get in tight with the blacks now before they take over the world , the token jive talker named tyrone ( charlie barnett ) who wears his hair in rollers and uses the word " honkey " as much as possible , the tough guy with the mohawk and gold chains ( mr . t -- a real stretch for him ) , the aspiring musician waiting for his big break ( maher ) , the mexican gigolo ( rodriguez ) , the woman who actually wants to drive cabs for a living ( warfield ) and the guy who wants to own a cab company for a living ( adam baldwin ) . we've all seen dozens of bad comedies from the 80's . some are fun to watch and some are actually funny . this one is more or less neither . you'd think plenty of comedic sparks would fly from the assemblage of talent ( whatever ) , but d . c . cab more or less falls flat on a continual basis , culminating in the usual contrived hollywood finale as baldwin is kidnapped and the other cabbies have to go to rescue him . it's a shame no one was able to rescue this movie from the depths of stale jokes and unoriginality . d . c . cab has rightly earned its position on " usa up all nite . " 
has hollywood run out of interesting characters and plot-driven suspense thrillers that we must spend two hours watching will smith and a gritty gene hackman exchange obtuse dialogue and run around dodging fireballs ? in enemy of the state , that is exactly right . a few parts the net , and a few parts conspiracy theory , enemy is about as exciting as watching smith talk to cgi aliens in 1997's lame brained men in black . will this guy ever get a real role ? he has the bruce willis syndrome . the plot is bascially smith , playing a lawyer , getting into hot water with some high government murderers , who assassinated a powerful political figure earlier in the movie , when a tape of the killing gets into his hands . he inlists the help of an old conspirator ( hackman ) , and , at the end , er . . . you know . enemy was one of the worst films of last year . not only was it sloppy in telling its story and getting its facts straight , the acting was mediocre when it should have been energy driven , and i didn't like how smith always magically out-smarted the badies when all the other extra characters , seeming more intelligent than smith , somehow got run over by a truck . enemy came out around the same time as the superior star trek : insurrection . i know these two films are different in , well , everything , but the fact that enemy outgrossed insurrection just baffels me . somehow , quality can't overshadow quantity . 
in 1989 , tim burton took the legendary comic book figure of batman and turned him into a huge box office hit with an atmospheric little film that created an utterly distinct feeling somewhere between film noir and the godfather . was it " deep " ? nope . however it was a perfect entertainment and the audience ate it up . it was natural that roger ebert trashed it writing that it was " without the comic book uplift " of the indiana jones and superman pictures . which was true . if what you were looking for was the tale of a heroic man's escadapes and adventures you were looking in the wrong place . if those films were tom sawyer , then batman was huckleberry finn . some critics ( glenn lovell of the san jose mercury news and peter travers of rolling stone ) realized that it was something special ; mr . lovell gave it * * * 1/2 and wrote that " this is batman as batman should be . " ; mr . travers called it one of the ten best films of the year . the praise was deserved - from start to finish the film was enthralling , exciting , and superb in every respect . there was no doubt that there would be a sequel directed by burton . the result was batman returns which forgets that it wants to be fun within the first five minutes . the villains ( the hideous penguin and seductive catwoman ) take over , and our epectations are always left unfulfilled - when we wanted the penguin to bite off batman's nose he simply gets mad , and when we want catwoman to slither over batman's body she gets pushed off a building . i admire mr . burton for trying to do more then entertain , but the result is a mess . nothing works out as planned - it fails both to entertain and to enlighten . hints are made to the audience that this film could be a blast . alas , these are only hints . there are , don't misunderstand me , several moments of cinematic genuis contained ; catwoman and batman understand eachother perfectly without a word on the subject being said ; christopher lloyd is trapped , by the penguin , within a giant cage ; a small basket is dropped into a large river ; but nothing is drawn together and burton is unable to make the film work on any regular basis . a weak followup , both career and sequel wise , batman returns is sometimes dazzling , but to often dissapointing . 
" something is fishy in the state of universal . " about ten years back , with the unexpected success of mad max and the road warrior , post-apocalypse nitty-gritty survival yarns became popular at the movies . we've always had movies of this nature ; on the beach , the end of the world , damnation alley , the ultimate warrior , and so on . to date , the most smoothly done were straightforward " haircuts " of the classic western plot , like the lone gunman who comes to town and protects the widow and the son against an evil organization , usually one in possession of some critical resource , like water , feed range , or a mining claim . most of these grew out of venerable , but solid hero yarns like the virginian and shane . ( my personal favorite is a patrick swayze movie called steel dawn , which was fairly well made on a small budget . ) now we have waterworld , which again brings the traditional lone gunman to town to rescue the young widow and her daughter . ( well , she's not a widow , and the kid isn't her daughter , but you get the idea . ) the lady is helen , played by the stunning jean tripplehorn , who isn't given a chance to be stunning , or even interesting , by the mediocre and unimaginative script . the child enola , played by tina majorino , is living proof that a child actor need not be a bad thing to have in a movie ; she outshines her material all the way through . in simple , the scene is earth , hundreds of years from now . the polar ice caps have melted , and somehow produced enough water to inundate the entire planet . the few remaining people live in boats and floating colonies , and survive by trade , theft , or piracy . somehow an oil tanker has survived the centuries , and its inhabitants , called " smokers , " are able to keep gasoline engines running despite the dearth of replacement parts and raw materials , so the bad guys have outboard engines , and fast-moving boats , airplanes , and jet skis . enola , found at sea as a young girl , has a mysterious map no one can read tattooed on her back . we suspect early on that it is the way to the mythical " dryland , " the place where trees , crops , and animals grow , and what plot there is hinges on who has enola . the psycho ruler of the smokers , the " deacon , " is trying to get her and find his way to dryland . played with typical self-lampooning , rug-chewing histrionics by dennis hopper , " deacon " is the only thing in the movie that's close to amusing . his performance is * almost * laughable , but there just isn't enough there to be funny . the star ( and a co-producer ) is kevin costner . he's playing an un-named lone denizen of the sea , a man called the " mariner , " who turns out to be a gilled , water-breathing mutant with webbed feet . very little is done with this . the script ignores the ineffectuality of gills in supplying enough oxygen to support a human metabolism ; it ignores the fact that even with both ice caps completely melted , much of the earth's surface would still be above water ; and it ignores the blatant impossibility of the cultures and technology shown . ( canned meat does * not * last for centuries ; ammunition does * not * fire after it's more than a few decades old ; and so on , and so on . . . ) i'm quite fond of tina majorino's previous work , very impressed by jean tripplehorn's past accomplishments , and still speechless over costner's dances with wolves . but this movie could destroy the careers of anyone associated with it ! this movie cost one hundred and eighty-two million dollars , and there's * nothing * in it we haven't seen before , done better on only a few percent of the cost of this turkey . at 125 minutes of material , this movie cost over one point four million dollars per minute to make . the budget of this movie * could * have given us over thirty movies ; it could have paid for six years of a prime-time sf tv series with expensive fx work , or ten years of an sf tv series with good digital fx . in sum , this movie is beneath contempt . it has nothing new to offer , it has a script that could easily have been bettered by the people who write comic books for dc , and it spent more money than the national budget of a small nation . if you * have * to go see it , see it on a four-dollar matinee . otherwise you'll find yourself sneering at you every time you pass a reflective surface , for weeks . 
a pseudo-intellectual film about the pseudo-intellectual world of art magazines , high art is as wasted as its drug-addled protagonists . in the only notable part of the movie , ally sheedy and radha mitchell deliver nice performances in the two leading roles , not that lisa cholodenko's script or direction makes you care much about either character . living in a world of heroin induced highs , they float along until they fall in love with each other . this uninviting picture , full of pretentious minor characters , has a receptionist that reads dostoevski and a woman in the restroom line who is a certified genius , having recently been awarded a prestigious mcarthur grant . 24-year-old syd ( radha mitchell ) , who has a rather bland , live-in boyfriend , was just promoted to assistant editor at the artistic photography magazine " frame . " although the receptionist is impressed , syd is mainly a gofer for her boss until she meets famous photographer lucy berliner ( ally sheedy ) . for her to do photos for " frame , " lucy demands that syd be promoted to editor and assigned to her since lucy fancies her . lucy lives with her current lover , a washed up german actress named greta , played with a frequently indecipherable series of mumbles by patricia clarkson . the two of them and their friends wile away their time snorting and shooting up dope , usually heroin . this does not happen in a single episode , but becomes more commonplace than sleeping in the picture . syd , who lives in the apartment below them , joins in on the fun and becomes a member of the zombie club . lucy seems pretty happy with her life of drugs , which apparently is funded by her mother . lucy quit working professionally 10 years ago since she thought she was being " pigeonholed , " and , since her mother has money , we can only assume that that's how lucy supports her habit and procures her living expenses . a typical scene has the editors arguing about whether a potential photographer's work is transcendental or merely classical . that no one has a clue as to the dogma they are spouting becomes obvious but not particularly funny . " your work has a cultural currency that is important now , " is the artist-speak that the frame's manager uses to convince lucy to show her pictures in the magazine . when the big scene comes in which lucy puts the moves on syd , her idea of a romantic line is , " i want to get high with you . " in lucy's world , sex and drugs come hand-in-hand . and the movie , except for the obligatory scene of someone almost overdosing , shows drug usage as being a hip and natural part of the art scene . this vacuous picture throws in a standard downer ending in an attempt to manipulate our emotions . in another movie , it might have worked , but in this one the reaction is likely to be decidedly muted . high art runs 1 : 36 . it is rated r for explicit sex , pervasive drug use and language and is not appropriate for those younger than college age . 
not a great twelve months for either of the principals from this movie . earlier this year , nora ephron wrote and produced one of the year's least likeable " comedies " called hanging up , featuring a bunch of annoying women ( ironically , lisa kudrow played one in that film as well ) who barely have time to care about anyone but themselves . ick . . . real sweet stuff . but her little unsuccessful project was nothing compared to what john travolta went through earlier this summer , with a film entitled battlefield earth . i seemed to be the only person on this planet who somehow appreciated the film , even if it was on a " cheese " factor , as everybody , and i mean everybody else , pretty much classified the movie as one of the worst disasters of all time . yipes . . . another beauty . so what happens when you put these two people in the same room and come out with a movie co-starring the ever-versatile lisa kudrow ? uhhhm , you guessed it . . . not much . plot : in order to escape major financial difficulties , a local weatherman hooks up with his ball-picking lotto girlfriend and rigs the state lottery . but as more and more people find out about their scheme , more and more people demand a part of their winnings , and more and more problems arise . critique : simply stated , i didn't laugh once during this entire picture . for a comedy , it offered me a few smiles , a bunch of nincompoops as characters , a miscast john travolta hamming it up and lisa kudrow , in what can only described as a " sluttier " version of her character of phoebe on tv's " friends " . this film was not as disastrous as i thought it would be , but it was pretty close . thankfully , the clips of travolta dressed up in goofy outfits , dancing as the weatherman were left in the film's trailer , and not in this final cut . and not unlike the worst movie of the year so far , beautiful , this film also managed to feature many unsympathetic , idiotic and just plain irritating characters in its cast . foremost was travolta's character , who declined to give us any reason to care for him once in the entire movie . and for me , the casting choice of john travolta for this role was just plain wrong . he didn't fit the part . i just saw him in get shorty the other day and thought about how perfect he was for that role . a cool , calculating roughneck with a certain hip , suave " je ne sais quoi " . in this film , he looks like he's trying to be funny , trying to be bad , trying to be good . we're not supposed to be able to notice that , and when we do , at least in my case , i consider it a wrong choice in casting . add that to lisa kudrow , boring us with yet another one of her patented " dumb blonde " routines , but this time , dressed in sexier outfits . michael rapaport , stretching one small acting muscle to play the guy who isn't quite up at the same speed level as everyone else . and a truckload of empty comedic bullet shells , and you've got yourself an extremely quiet audience anticipating punch lines that never quite materialize . the only real good thing that i could say about this film is that its story was actually half-interesting and never really bored me . i also liked michael moore's perverted cousin character , and i loved , and i say it again , loved the character that bill pullman played . give this dude his own movie ! he played a lazy cop , a man who tries everything not to do any real work . he fakes injuries to get off duty , tries to avoid arrest situations so that he won't have to fill out any forms . . . now there's a base of humor . sadly , the filmmakers decided to bring him into play with only about half an hour left in the film . and there's not much else i can say about this movie , folks . on the whole , it was lame , included a slew of unlikable characters fiddling around in a pool of unfunny lines , and very little of interest for any target audience . but get somebody to write up a movie featuring that lazy cop played by pullman and i'm there ! 
plot : based on the wildly popular " jerry springer " tv show , this movie follows the lives of two groups of people before they make their bizarre appearances on the infamous program . one posse comes from the trailer parks and are to be featured in the " i slept with my stepfather " segment , and the other is based on some fly-girl whose girlfriends keep sleeping with her undevoted " dog " boyfriend . critique : the truth is that if i didn't have a day job , i would probably watch the real " jerry springer " show every day . i find it quite entertaining , despite its complete lack of redeeming value . having said that , the show itself is outrageous , funny , and always filled with goofy surprises , as opposed to this film which features no laughs ( is this a comedy or a drama ? ) , uninteresting and completely unbelievable one-dimensional stereotypes , and a contrived plot which bores us stupid all the way . i never thought i would utter the word boring in the same sentence as jerry springer , but this film is an absolute yawn-fest , despite offering various scenes featuring simulated blowjobs , lesbians , t&a and tv violence ( who would've guessed that ? ) . i wish they would have either a ) made this movie much , much funnier , or b ) turned it into a complete drama and given us a real perspective as to why people like this actually put themselves through these public forums of embarrassment . unfortunately , it doesn't seem as though screenwriter jon bernstein spent more than a drunken weekend watching real " jerry springer " reruns to complete his script , leaving us with a boring film , featuring no laughs , one-dimensional characters , and no fun whatsoever . little known facts about this film and its stars : jerry springer used to be the mayor of cincinnati , ohio . for this film , he won the 1999 razzie award for worst new star , tied with joe esterhas from an alan smithee film : burn hollywood burn . 
beware of movies with the director's name in the title . take " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " ( please ) . if the carpenter brand name wasn't superglued to the title , this embarrassment would surely have bypassed theaters entirely and gone straight to its proper home on the usa network . and i would have been spared a headache . the latest from the director of " starman , " " halloween " and " escape from new york " is a lousy western all gussied up to look like a futuristic horror flick . the production is set on mars in 2176 , where humanity looks for relief from the overpopulation strangling their home world . six hundred and forty thousand people in a matriarchal society live and work at outposts all over the red planet , terra-forming to make it more hospitable for future generations . a matriarchal society . terra-forming . sounds pretty intriguing , eh ? well , don't get your hopes up . 
play it to the bone is a punch-drunk mess of a movie . containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men can't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky but two . rocky no . 1 is vince boudreau ( woody harrelson , edtv ) , a bald , tattooed , newly converted christian , whose idea of christianity is not using the name of christ as a curse word . . . something that he has not yet successfully achieved . rocky no . 2 is caesar dominguez ( antonio banderas , the 13th warrior ) , best friend of vince who is currently dating vince's ex-girlfriend , grace . both men are nearing the end of their " almost " careers when a fluke provides them with a redemptive opportunity . when both fighters of the undercard of a vegas based mike tyson title fight become incapacitated , the fight promoters need to find a quick replacement . our boys are tapped to fight each other , the winner of which is " promised " a shot at a future title fight . the film is divided into two sections . at first , we have a buddy road picture as our two heroes , in grace's " sassy grassy " green muscle car , travel through the desert to vegas in order to make the fight scheduled for that day . along the way we learn about their pasts and the opportunities that have come and gone by . once in vegas , the movie settles down to the effectively staged fight sequences between vince and caesar . both mr . harrelson and mr . banderas have provided us with stunning characterizations in the past , not that we'd know it from their work here . mr . harrelson is uncomfortably awkward , apparently never having gotten a firm handle on vince . the christian conversion angle simply falls flat and unbelievable . mr . banderas is uncharacteristically non-charismatic as caesar . weak and ineffectual , there is little life in his screen performance . the other actors involved merely play stereotypes of one sort or another . tom sizemore ( saving private ryan ) , robert wagner ( austin powers ii : the spy who shagged me ) , and richard masur ( fire down below ) are crooked promoters , lucy liu ( payback ) is a sex-starved hitchhiker looking for a good time , and lolita davidovich ( gods and monsters ) , is the shared girlfriend who can't make her mind up which boxer she prefers . because of the weak characters and the lack of screen chemistry between them , the film flounders with all the appeal of a dead fish until the boxing match actually begins . but even then , because the outcome is so predictably obvious , the suspense factor is negated and we are relegated to just watching two men pummel each other . writer/director ron shelton clearly spent much time orchestrating the fight sequence as it is well photographed , well-choreographed , well-edited , and well-performed . if only some of that same detailed attention had been diverted to the remaining parts of the film . as it is , the scenes which require the characters to actually talk to one another are weak and laughable . the title is actually the most interesting aspect of the film . the phrase , " play it to the bone' is a reference to seeing something all the way through or not quitting until you've achieved your desired goal . that is a biblical principle . " know ye not that they which run in a race run all , but one receiveth the prize ? so run , that ye may obtain . " 1 corinthians 9 : 24 [kjv] achieving anything worthy in life requires " playing it to the bone " . we need to develop fully persuaded mindsets and commitment levels in order to endure and persevere past the obstacles and distractions which lay between us and our stated objectives . this is true in practical matters of our physical lives as well as the in the developing maturity of our spiritual lives . as a movie , play it to the bone is hardly worth our time . but as a principle of life , the phrase " play it to the bone " are words to live by . 
my son and i share a perverse predilection for bad movies . we are amused and entertained by the cheap thrills , the corny dialog , the ludicrous premises and the bad acting . since other family members aspire to higher forms of entertainment , we usually wind up indulging our proclivity together . i can't remember when we disagreed on the relative merits of a clunker until species 2 came along . he was not amused . i on the other hand was able to easily suspend the applicable requirements in the usual manner and declare myself suitably entertained . perhaps the evident skills that were brought to the process of producing a bad product was what prevented him from extracting fun out of mediocrity . i on the other hand appreciated the fact that the producers and director knew exactly what they were doing : insulting my intelligence , and brought adequate movie-making skills to the project a movie does not have to be good to be well made , at least in terms of the craft . the movie could have been better if it were not so brusque . this movie slaps you with conception , pregnancy , delivery and young childhood in consecutive frames , without pausing for infancy . the producers of nescafe have nothing on this alien race in which a woman's womb balloons immediately after the male orgasm , and a few seconds later a young child tears its way out of her abdomen in a sloppy and gory version of an inside-out cesarean . an autopsy scene in which a buzz saw cuts through the cranium was not the kind of indulgence that i condone , to say nothing of the fact that it was scientifically incorrect . in a real autopsy the saw does not cut through the scalp ; it is used only after the skull has been exposed . the opening sequences of exploration of mars were very good . the writers showed excellent skills for ceremonial speech writing but the spontaneous dialogue would qualify for a subtitle : `as bad as it gets' . as the movie progressed i vowed to remember the lines that made me cringe but only one stuck . eve ( natasha henstridge ) was cloned from sil , the original alien sexual predator , but her mating instinct was artificially attenuated , which was all that was needed to turn her into a noble and cooperative prisoner . in a wistful display of resignation and understanding she tells her friend and jailer ( marg helgenberger ) : `i think of all the places that i will never see and all the people that i will never meet . ' it's enough to melt the most callous heart . at another point she protests : `i'm human too , you know . ' she is only half right . peter medak , the director , knows his business . justin lazard as the doomed astronaut does nothing to enhance his hollywood credentials . james cromwell , his father , is perfect in a short role . marg heldenberger , the dna scientist is pleasant and beautiful . natasha is an exquisite ornament . george dzunza knew and delivered what was expected of him as the dumb general that messes things up . michael madsen was there . black buddies do not usually survive in this type of movie but mykelti williamson manages to stay around for the final credits , which is more that we can say for lazard . . 
mugshot ( director/writer/cinematographer/editor : matt mahurin ; cast : belinda becker ( stella ) , michael williams ( rumor ) , robert knepper ( joe/chris ) , robert walker ( random ) , willie lassic ( young brother of rumor ) , maxine joiner ( rumor's mother ) ; runtime : 87 ; mortal films ; 1995 ) reviewed by dennis schwartz a bleak indie film about a stolen identity . there's not much more to this visually stylish film than what meets the eye , as it relies on shock to tell its story of a prolonged vicious mugging . it falls into the category of being a pretentious art-house film , leaving a bitter taste in one's mouth as it stereotypes its characters and unintentionally further inflames the racial issues . it tries to make a heavy-handed point about disenfranchised black youths trapped by their environment , with their only way out being crime . but the story is so filled with violence and its nyc setting looks like hell , that it's hard to enjoy this film and to follow what the logic in the story is supposed to mean . the relationship between the black mugger and his white victim is a cloudy one , which the film never determines what it wants to say about it . matt mahurin is virtual one-man crew in putting this film together ( director/writer /cinematographer/editor ) , who is a still photographer in his day job . the film works best as a visually challenging piece , as each shot looks like a photograph carefully telling the story unfolding . a white photographer ( robert knepper ) is mugged by a black gang while he's on a freelance assignment to take a photo shoot of harlem at night . he becomes a victim of amnesia and his head is bloodied as he's left in a deserted harlem building , as the gang leaves him for dead ; but , one of the muggers , rumor ( michael williams ) , comes back and pretends to help him . he's a would-be photographer , who keeps a scrapbook entitled mugshots in the project apartment he shares with his mother and younger brother . keeping his victim in the dark about who he is by calling him joe and not telling him what's happening , he becomes the photographer for a few days . he enters the photographer's stylish greenwich village apartment and steals his expensive camera , and decides to hold the mugging vic for ransom when he finds out he has a black girlfriend , stella ( belinda becker ) . she's the only one in the film who could act . the film is stuck with a clumsy dialogue and an overuse of symbolism , as it ends with nothing more to tell after the shock and the violent situation it created except to beat it into the ground . it could only be commended for how appealing the film looks , as if it's a scrapbook of still photos put together to celebrate a mugging . 
ex-universal soldier luc has to battle a group of newer-model engineered fighters gone bad . the review jean-claude van damme has a one-liner early on in universal soldier : the return , his latest attempt to remain relevant , that sums up this entire movie ; he says " been there , done that . " no film critic could possibly sum up van damme's recent film choices any better . while other ageing action stars have wisely moved into other film genres ( schwarzenegger makes as many family comedies as he does action films ) , van damme stubbornly persists in sticking with what used to work for him : martial arts and guns . this unwillingness or perhaps inability to move into new genres has caused van damme to enter the straight to video world , with legionnaire never seeing the inside of a multiplex . he joins fellow martial artist/action star steven seagal as they watch their film careers rapidly fizzle away . universal soldier : the return is truly poor . the plot is a complete copy of several action films from this decade , specifically terminator 2 : judgement day and the similarly named soldier . soldier's kurt russell was an older model super-soldier sent off to retirement when circumstances forced him to battle his successors , for the good of a planet ; schwarzenegger's terminator in t2 tried to save john connor from a newer model killing machine , the t-1000 ; and jean-claude , a former universal soldier , has to save the planet from the rampage of a group of , you guessed it , newer model soldiers . considering the poor box office performance of soldier , it's amazing that this project was ever given the go-ahead . luc devereaux ( van damme ) was the sole remaining universal soldier ( or unisol for short ) , until he was returned to a normal , if muscular , human form . in this sequel ( technically the fourth film in the series , following two straight-to-video duds that were ignored here plot-wise ) , luc is now a human trainer/consultant of sorts for the unisol program . working with dylan cotner ( xander berkeley , who interestingly also appeared in t2 ) , the unisol program has engineered a tougher , fiercer fighting force with the help of super-computer seth . unfortunately , upon hearing that the program has been axed by the government , seth takes control of his soldiers , killing everyone in the building except for luc , his partner maggie , his daughter hillary and erin , a reporter trapped inside . the rest of the film involves luc trying to keep them all alive , while beating up a group of near-indestructible soldiers , most notably romeo ( popular wrestler goldberg ) . there are lots of fights , gun battles , lame plot developments and a noticeable lack of plausibility . there are so many clich ? s in this film that it is almost painful to watch . luc gets saddled with the task of saving erin the reporter early on , and in the course of a single night , they go from bickering to falling for each other , to kissing . erin is a pathetically-written character ; people are getting brutally gunned down all around her , and yet , not only does this not seem to frighten her , but she finds time to remind luc that she " isn't leaving without her story " . whatever . other laughable moments include a ) luc going to a strip club to get internet access ( what ? ) and b ) a group of rangers , who after having been given good advice ( luc tells them that their weapons are useless , and shows them a specific gun which should work better ) , choose to go into battle with their useless weapons anyway ( guess who wins the battle ? ) . not one single scene in universal soldier : the return has any originality to it . when fuelled by don davis' loud , driving music score , the film's many fights become almost passable , but mostly are full of the same ol' jean-claude moves . director mic rodgers ( a former stunt co-ordinator ) keeps the action coming at a rapid pace , with only a few token serious moments to be found . his past work is evident in the many moments when characters are thrown through windows , tossed off of buildings or sent flying through the air thanks to an explosion . if only jean-claude weren't getting so old and slow compared to younger martial arts film actors like jet li , rodgers could probably have made a decent action film . to place the blame squarely at van damme's feet , however , is an injustice . i'm not sure that anyone , not even robert deniro or edward norton , could make writers william malone and john fasano's script sound good . one particularly painful scene is when erin asks luc how he is so sure that the aforementioned strip club will have internet access . he cringes , looks down and mutters " uh . . . uhm . . . they all do , i saw it on 60 minutes . eh he he he " the script's and indeed the entire film's only saving grace is goldberg . he chews up every scene he is in , obviously enjoying his role immensely . he even gives the film a few laughs , as he mutters things like " i really don't like that guy " every time he fails to kill luc . sadly , his presence is not enough to turn universal soldier : the return into anything better than a below-average action film that truly deserves to have joined its fellow sequels by going straight-to-video . 
" my name is jack carter , and you don't want to know me " says our brooding anti-hero ( sylvester stallone ) . take his advice ! to know this guy is as rewarding as being thrown over a terrace . and to watch this film is almost as painful . " get carter " is a gloomy looking , unimaginative film that offers no joy . jack carter is as tough as tough guys come . he works out of vegas as a self-described 'financial adjuster' . explaining his duties , he says , " people make promises and break them . i help them remember . " he has a chiseled body full of tattoos . he has the weathered look indicative of a man who has seen his share of hard times . he speaks in a hushed but menacing tone of voice . in other words , this is sylvester stallone acting like . . . sylvester stallone . and like most of his previous roles , his character is a shallow , one-dimensional thug whose modus operandi is to talk tough , hassle a few hapless people , find out what he needs to know , and then dispense his own kind of justice . with the charisma of a pit bull , being tough is all that jack carter knows . yet , even tough guys know when to put family first . as the story begins , we learn that jack's little brother has died in a car accident . the police attribute it to heavy drinking . however , jack is suspicious , believing that he was 'taken out' . he takes a break from his vegas duties and tries to see if he can find the truth . as he pokes around , he runs into several lowlife characters . they include a shady business partner , a prostitute , a dweebish millionaire molded after bill gates , and an oily owner of a porn website . any one of them may know something about his brother's death . all of them have the means of carrying out the deed . but don't expect an exercise in sleuthing where well-placed clues lead carter to the truth . he's all brawn and no brains , so there are no epiphanies during his investigation . instead , he uses intimidation to muscle his way forward , cycling through this circle of suspects . flustered with his lack of progress , he cycles through them again and again . this all gets tiring fairly quickly . by the time the film launches into its final act , we're numb from its pedestrian pace . oddly , as a tough-guy thriller , it starves us for action . admittedly , there is one nifty chase sequence , but this is related to a tangential and needless plot ( carter's vegas ties send thugs to retrieve him ) . the story also fails to generate any kind of emotion . stallone has the personality of a slab of stone . and the look and feel of the film is perpetually downcast . the weather is constantly overcast or rainy . meanwhile , most shots take place at night , in dimly lit rooms , or in dark alleys . it's just impossible to get stirred about that kind of atmosphere . as a result , " get carter " amounts to nothing more than a flat thriller , bereft of clever moments and devoid of any excitement . you're better off leaving this guy alone . 
capsule : in 2176 on the planet mars police taking into custody an accused murderer face the title menace . there is a lot of fighting and not a whole lot of story otherwise . john carpenter reprises so many ideas from his previous films , especially assault on precinct 13 , that the new film comes off as his homage to himself . , 0 ( -4 to +4 ) . john carpenter apparently believes that action scenes in which people fight something horrible are the same as horror scenes . for a writer and director of horror films , supposedly an expert on horror , it is a very bad mistake to make . ghosts of mars is called a horror movie , but it is more just a drawn out fight between humans and a surprisingly low-powered alien menace . in addition if anybody but john carpenter had made ghosts of mars , carpenter would have grounds to sue . this film is just chock full of pieces taken from assault on precinct 13 , the thing , and prince of darkness . it is , in fact , surprising that carpenter managed to fit so many pieces of his previous work into this film in such an admittedly novel way . but that still does not make for a really good science fiction experience . ghosts of mars takes place in the year 2176 . mars has been mostly terraformed so that humans can walk on the surface without breathing gear ( which is good for the film's budget ) . it is never mentioned , but the gravity on mars has been increased somehow to earth-normal , again making it easier to film . society has changed a bit by that time , but it has advanced surprisingly little . apparently the culture has changed so that women are much more in positions of control . and from carpenter's view , women have really made a mess of things . society has stagnated under female control so that beyond some minor technological advances society has changed less in 175 years than we might expect it to change in ten . the basic plot of ghosts of mars has much in common with that of assault on precinct 13 except that precinct 9 ( yes , precinct 9 ) has been replaced by a somewhat tacky looking rundown martian mining colony . instead of having the criminal " napolean " wilson , this film has the criminal " desolation " williams . instead of facing hoodlums with automatic weapons the police face , well , ghosts of mars . because the ghosts are somewhat alien in nature they should behave in some alien manner , but they essentially behave as human savages , in another lapse of imagination . the story is told in flashback , flashback within flashback , and flashback within flashback within flashback . ghosts of mars takes place entirely at night and is filmed almost entirely in tones of red , yellow , and black . carpenter manages to give us a powerful opening scene , showing a mining train rushing through the martian night to the sound of music with a heavy beat . sadly what follows is not really up to the buildup . the terror he creates looks a little too much like fugitive wannabes from the rock band kiss . his idea of building suspense is having a bunch of sudden jump scenes that sucker the viewer into thinking something scary is happening and then prove to be just something boring . these are standard haunted house film shock effects that require no great talent to give the audience . somewhat newer but also unimpressive are the cgi digital decapitations in some of the fights . within a short stretch of time we have seen the release of mission to mars , red planet , and ghosts of mars . after mission to mars was panned by too many reviewers it looks better and better and better as time goes by . i rate ghosts of mars a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . following the movie i showed my wife , who liked ghosts of mars moderately more than i did , carpenter's classic assault on precinct 13 . her comment is that it was seeing the same film twice . 
depending on who you ask , the original sin was either the eating of the apple , the act of disobedience against god , or the act of betrayal . but in case you didn't know this , don't bother remembering it . . . the words " original sin " never come up in the movie of the same name , let alone the concept of it . the closest the film even gets to catholicism is in its narrative ( the story is told by angelina jolie to her priest while on death row in cuba , circa 1900 ) . regardless of its senseless title , original sin does actually have a plot ( albeit one of the most mangled acts of screenwriting since the art of war , based on the book waltz across darkness ) . boy ( antionio banderas ) places personal ad sometime around 1900 , searching for a wife . since this is a century ago , we narrowly dodge a remake of green card , only to find that the girl ( jolie ) faked her photo and is actually beautiful . skipping a few moderately useless sex scenes ( getting the question out of the way , yes , we get to see angelina jolie's breasts again ) , the girl turns out to be a con artist , swindles boy for his money , and heads for the hills . original sin then briefly tries to be a thriller . we see boy go whore-chasing , saying he wants to find girl and kill her . but as soon as boy actually finds girl , instead of following what might have been a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin/whore complex since milk money . girl toys with the idea of reforming her con-girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place . add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . don't even bother with original sin , but if you do go , be honest with yourself and admit its pure sex appeal . just keep in mind that although this film may not be the most original on the block , it's much worse than a sin . this is sacrilege . 
seen may 2 , 1998 at 3 : 40 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18 , theater #13 , with chris wessell and sean o'shea for $5 . [theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture , and seats] the big-budget , mega-hype " event " movie is becoming so trendy now it is becoming a weekly routine instead of a seasonal one . gluttony is hollywood's favorite sin , but it is the movie-goers who pay the price by being dealt the same things over and over on an ever-worsening basis . " lost in space " is the latest such offering - a film so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocre . it's made up of every element of science fiction , but at no time does it evoke the slightest amount of wonderment the genre was meant for . audiences' attention spans are rapidly decreasing and as is the trend with such films , this one opens with a fast-paced space battle which serves not only as the most interesting scene in the film ( probably because it has " star wars " written all over it ) , but as the producers' way of showing off their budget through the special effects . battle scenes are worthless without tension , and since we have no idea what the setting is it's impossible to care about anything that happens . in essence , the entire segment works like a teaser for an arcade game , not a piece of filmmaking . we meet the robinson family - a family of five that does not get along but has been chosen to act on earth's behalf in effort to find another planet worthy of colonization due to the exhausting of our natural resources . each member of the family has a special trait and personality , and yet none of them seem like actual people . professor john robinson ( hurt ) is the intelligent , quiet leader who has devoted so much time to his work his family and marriage are suffering without his realizing it ( it's obvious what role this aspect will play ) . of course this is all established through extremely melodramatic scenes such as the children and parents arguing and bickering among themselves and with each other , while the necessary problems are " resolved " at the right moments . the only thing worse than the screenplay is the fact it's presented in a completely serious manner without a trace of satire , and is so pathetic it's laughable . the first act is not a building of a story , but a juxtaposition of scenes that serve no purpose other than to plug in all the required elements ( such as plot , conflict , and characterization - god forbid ! ) . we're provided with the minimum amount possible of these elements to keep the film from being completely silent . in fact , it might as well be since the dialogue is virtually non-existent . yes , the characters do speak , but they do not talk . they say things that only relate to the conflict , but they never really interact ( unless it's the cartoony flirting scenes between arrogant major don west ( leblanc ) and uptight , unemotional judy robinson ( graham ) ) . it's amazing that after an hour of trite dialogue and generic plot devices that so little happens . eventually the pacing rapidly increases , but the amount of genuine interest does not . the story finally gains some prospective by living up to its title as the robinsons find themselves lost in space after narrowly managing to defeat dr . smith ( oldman ) , the cartoony villain , and his plans for sabotage . what ensues is a series upon series of completely unrelated conflicts . the first such scene takes place on an abandoned spaceship and what ensues could best be described as " alien " -lite . the story changes again when the robinsons crash land on an alien planet and must act quickly to escape it and survive . but there's never any real notion of suspense here because the script constantly wanders aimlessly . plotlines are developed , but each becomes totally irrelevant as the story changes from scenario to scenario . the atmosphere attempts to be surreal by incorporating time travel and various time paradoxes , but it's presented in such a ridiculous way it's utterly boring . by the time the last act rolls around , there is no sense of a payoff building . the ending does not go out on a high note with any kind of climax , instead , it seems to come to a sudden halt ( but at least it ends at all ) . " lost in space " is major film production at its worst . it's frightening that a film so poorly written , directed , and acted might be considered mainstream entertainment . 
phaedra cinema , the distributor of such never-heard-of classics as " soft toilet seats , " " trailer : the movie , " and " the one armed boxer vs . the flying guillotine , " has sneaked its latest release , " the sculptress , " into a few theaters this weekend hoping to cash in on a handful of halloween holidaygoers looking for a right good scare . " the sculptress " is a scary proposition all right , but not in the way its producers intended . from the outset it's easy to see why some of the larger , more reputable chains aren't carrying it : the film looks like a straight-to-video release from the early '80s that's been dusted off ( not very carefully ) and re-issued in theatrical format . that staple of schlocky z-movies jeff fahey ( " the lawnmower man " ) plays a washed-up shakespearean actor lacking in some basic people skills . when he's not reliving his glory days in his ramshackle nob hill apartment , screaming scotch-induced " hamlet " soliloquies well into the night , he's out and about on the streets of san francisco stalking loose women . fahey's dobie sizes up his victims ( actually just one , a peep show performer name of sylvie ) dressed like one of the guys from kraftwerk , and approaches them in the ridiculous attire of a bavarian count replete with a cane , dark glasses , and a false beard ( just in time for halloween ! ) . " do you have a castle ? " sylvie asks dobie seductively when he flashes the bulging contents of his wallet outside a coffee shop . " jah . with ze many turrets " is dobie's perplexing reply . the real " star " of the film ( and i use that term extremely loosely ) is katie wright , who plays the sculptress of the title . sarah is new in town , studying at the prestigious sf art institute under the mentorship of a " genius " frenchman , played by the beret-wearing patrick bauchau . that's convenient , because sarah would one day like to live and work in paris ( you won't believe the film's final shot , with its cheesy eiffel tower backdrop and " rosemary's baby " -inspired imagery ) . bauchau's character criticizes sarah's work publicly ( her clay busts keep turning into gargoyles--perhaps she's possessed . . . by an incubus ! ! ? ) but he still manages to talk her into dinner . whereas wright does a decent english accent , her talents pretty much end there . on the other side of the wall , dobie's troubled past is succinctly summarized in a scene in which he thumbs through an old scrapbook of newspaper clippings with headings like " actor delivers a stunning macbeth , " actor courted by hollywood studio , " " actor renounces hollywood for priesthood , " and " prostitute fingers priest in sex scandal . " the film's plot could have been just as easily condensed . " artist moves in next door to shakespearean psychopath . " " yawns ensue . " so dobie rants and raves and sarah chips away at large blocks of granite till way past their bedtimes . late in the film , their paths finally cross with mind-numbing results . nobody else in the apartment complex appears to mind all the racket , but one old dear does go ballistic when sarah's bathtub overflows . no , we don't see wright in the tub ( or fahey for that matter ) , and the gore quotient is virtually nil , so for a horror film " the sculptress " is surprisingly lacking . the only thing worth looking at is san francisco , and writer/director ian merrick manages to make even it look dreary , windswept , and deserted . " the sculptress " isn't even bad enough to be fun . luckily , a limited release has made it easy to avoid . 
annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small town in georgia is asked for help by local authorities in solving the case of a missing woman . annie is something of a psychic , she has involuntary bouts with the supernatural where she can see the past and the future and physically feel the actions happenning to her she envisions . her " gift " leads to the arrest of a nasty wife beater who may or may not have killed the pretty rich girl found in the swamp on his property . in an ultra conservative backwoods town will her testimony based on her psychic visions hold up in court ? do they even have the right man ? what's good about it : aside from keanu reeves giving one of the best performances of his career as the loathable redneck donnie barksdale , there is little else going for the film . what's not so good about it : lame , unoriginal screenplay . predictable ending . suspense scenes that are just plain boring . ridicously trite characterization makes the entire south out to be ingnorant , hateful goobers . relentless in its emotional sensationaliztion . overall critique : " the gift " is one of those movies that makes you wonder where you've seen this story before . it's a collection of every cliche and stereotype of the south ever made , and coming from a yankee like me who dislikes the south that's really saying something . for an established , talented director sam raimi is unable to provide any kind of originality to this film . it's predictable from the first scene , the screenplay is written like a rip-off of a photocopied bootlegged play . you know that as nasty as the murder suspect is he didn't actually do it . it's no surprise either who the real villain turns out to be and what their motive was . sigh , how trite . for a supernatural thriller this is neither scary nor intense because it's so cliche . " the gift " is basically a glorified b-movie . 
i read the new yorker magazine and i enjoy some of their really in-depth articles about some incident . they will take some incident like the investigation of a mysterious plane crash and tell you what happened in detail . it becomes a real education in what agencies get involved and how theories are suggested , and what kind of pressure the investigators are under , and just about any other aspect you can think of . frequently i get the feeling that the article sounded exciting , but i am being told in more detail than i really wanted to know . often i get to the middle of a story and say , ok , it sounded good but i now have invested more time than i am willing to spend on this subject . film is a different medium . it is a visual medium . that slows down the telling of stories much more than people realize . i frequently am surprised to find out how short a film script is and how much of the pages are empty space . the magazine article and the film script are two very different media . the insider is a film adaptation of the vanity fair article " the man who knew too much " by marie brenner . it is too much an adaptation of a magazine article slowed to the pace of a film . it really verges on being tedious at least at times . for years the seven big companies knew that they dealt in an addictive drug that caused a host of unhealthy side-effects . but they pretended for the public that it was unproven and they did not really believe it . the business was incredibly profitable and the proceeds translated into the political power to squelch and discredit any political movements against big tobacco . the tide turned when a former vice-president of one of the companies was convinced by the cbs 60 minutes news team to tell the public how much the tobacco companies really knew about the health effects of smoking . the resulting pressure to stop the story created a small civil war at cbs . who were the major people involved , what were their motives , how was the story almost killed , how did it get aired anyway ? that is the story covered in surprising detail by the insider . this all could have been enthralling , but it is not the sort of thing that a stylist like michael mann would be likely to do well . and in the end , he failed . to make a long story short , the film needed a director who knew how to make a long story short . the film opens with the cbs 60 minutes team in iran with the assignment to interview a terrorist . we get a taste for their personal style and how they get the upper hand . they go from being one newsman blindfolded at the hands of the terrorists to the actual interview with mike wallace ( played by christopher plummer ) . there the news team under producer lowell bergman ( al pacino ) are ordering around the terrorists and getting away with it . this seems to have nothing to do with the main line of the story , but later when the tobacco industry is so much harder to manipulate than committed terrorists , we have a wry irony on who really has clout in the world . terrorists can grab the headlines , but the tobacco companies have the real position of power . incongruously intercut with the iran interview sequence we see jeffrey wigand ( russell crowe ) dejectedly returning from work to his home . we discover that he has been fired and his career brought to a complete halt unexpectedly . he had been a very profitably rewarded vice-president in charge or research and development at brown and williams tobacco ; now he was unemployed and needed money to support his family . rather than support him his wife liane ( diane venora ) demands of him what are they supposed to do for income . meanwhile the 60 minutes team trying to do a story on fires started by cigarettes have obtained some data they do not understand . they offer wigand $12 , 000 just to interpret the data . wigand's severance agreement swears him to secrecy about anything he knows about tobacco dealings , but he is reluctantly he stretches the severance terms . he is willing to read some documents from another tobacco company and interpret them for bergman . in spite of the secrecy , wigand's former employers seem immediately to know wigand is talking to 60 minutes and he is warned off by former boss thomas sandefur played michael gambon in an all too brief but deliciously sinister role . and so the game begins . wigand is irate at his negative treatment for what he still considered continued to be loyalty to his agreement and his former employer . meanwhile someone is playing very rough with wigand and his family . the film examines wigand and the pressures placed on his family as they are caught between two powerful giants . wigand has always wanted to make tobacco safer and has natural sympathies with getting the story out . he and his family are assaulted psychologically and financially by the giant tobacco industry that had never lost a legal fight . al pacino is given top billing but the wigand family is the core of the insider . the story is told slowly and in just a bit too much meticulous detail . the film is 157 minutes and is an extremely demanding film for the audience . the musical score by pieter bourke , lisa gerrard , and graeme revell is one of the worst in recent memory . it puts ominous chords under some scenes and using voice in ways that become a distraction that gets in the way of the storytelling . also disturbing is the casting of christopher plummer as mike wallace . plummer and wallace are such different types and wallace is too well-known for even so good an actor as plummer to play him convincingly . this film might have been a really engaging experience under another director's control . michael mann was the wrong person to helm this film and the insider lacks intensity because of his style . i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
violence is bad . violence is ugly . violence breeds yet more violence . kids , don't try this at home . this weighty message isn't the only barrier to enjoying brother , but it's certainly one of the largest . written , directed by , and starring the infamous takeshi kitano ( kikujiro , sonatine ) brother is his first film made outside his familial japan , bringing the yakuza tradition to los angeles . ( yakuza translated for the average american is the japanese mafia . ) if you piss a " family " member off , or dishonor yourself in any way , the usual punishment is public display of self-mutilation , usually resulting in the loss of limbs . a definition of dishonor can be anything from making a stupid decision to leaving one family for another . it would be interesting to know more about where these and other customs come from . unfortunately the film doesn't give too much of an explanation , assuming its audience is aware of kitano's earlier work . there are several shots that focus specifically on detailed tattoos that spread across the entire back of the yakuza members , leading one to assume they would be symbolic of something , but you never know what . then there's a scene in which a man kills himself in front of a rival in exchange for that rival joining the family . granted , this is one of the best scenes in the movie , but it doesn't make a lot of sense . instead , the two hours are basically spent watching the following : people go out and shoot each other , talk about it for ten-plus minutes , then go out and do it again . the consistently repetitive discussion of territory during these moments involuntarily provokes yawning . there are also plot details thrown in for no identifiable purpose . all of the sudden yamamoto ( kitano ) has a girlfriend . he barely speaks to her , treats her like crap , and then sends her away . another missed opportunity , considering it is such a big deal for kitano to bring his magic to the united states , is the combination of cultures , which rely too heavily on overused stereotypes . though slow moving , brother does have good elements . the action scenes are well directed , clearly defined , and interesting to watch . some of the violence is more hinted at than shown , which produces the luscious squirm that one goes to see such films for . the actors would be more enticing if they had more to do . shirase's ( masaya kato ) loud , sarcastic coolness set against yamamoto's quietly threatening attitude is truly an entertaining combination . their moments together or apart steal the rest of the show . also to its credit , brother tackles the cause and effect of crime with realism . a life of crime is easy to get sucked into with the first reward of quick cash . sure people get rich , but they can also lose just as easily . it's a great moral , with a great cast , just not much substance to back it up . 
can you say " dated " ? you can if you've seen rosemary's baby which , like the exorcist , was a thrilling horror film in its time but seems boring and laughable in the decades that have passed since its original release . " mystery science theater 3000 " has skewered the bad films of the past , but let me tell you , it could do a number on the " good " ones too . rosemary's baby stars mia farrow ( from the time she was actually good-looking ) as an innocent housewife and her not-so-innocent husband ( john cassavettes ) , an actor who takes an easy , albeit evil , road to success . it all seems so harmless in the beginning . mia and john move into an apartment where several past murders have been committed . ( there's also a skull in the living room , but it's only for decoration . ) their elderly neighbors pop in for a housewarming . all's well for about the first hour of this slow-moving film , until mia eats some of the neighbors' chocolate mousse and passes out . when she comes to , she finds herself in a darkened room with a bunch of people yelling and dancing like savages and a big , evil man raping her -- a foreshadowing of her future life with woody allen . it seems like a dream and , when she finds herself pregnant , she almost forgets about it . and everyone's helping with the pregnancy . the neighbors have some wonderful vitamin potions for her to drink , a good-luck charm for her to wear around her neck , and the name of an obstetrician who's been in the business 66 . 6 years . meanwhile , mia begins having chronic stomach pains and losing a lot of weight . before too long she looks just like the lead singer of the cranberries . that's when you know your health's failing . the only person in the movie who's the least bit suspicious of all this is an old friend ( maurice evans ) who calls mia up to give her the bad news -- and immediately falls into a coma . by about the two-hour mark i felt the same way . rosemary's baby is way too long , and leads up to a payoff that's about as boring and laughable as the rest of the movie . i guess someone put a spell on this movie . 
synopsis : an aging master art thief , his supplier , and a young , buxom security consultant are all not who they first appear to be ( or are they ? ) in this convoluted mess involving a risky heist during the millennium . comments : this movie was boring . plain and simple . entrapment should not have been boring . it stars sean connery , who can still carry an action film despite his age , catherine zeta-jones , a likeable enough film presence , and ving rhames , ultra-cool star of pulp fiction and mission : impossible . it takes full advantage of the y2k computer bug fears ( a current " hot topic " in the news ) in its storyline , which is set at the end of 1999 . it has some genuinely well-staged action sequences . so , what went wrong ? plenty , unfortunately . the major problem with entrapment is its script . it has a been-there , done-that feel to it . nothing seems particularly inventive or original , so the whole movie lacks suspense and drags ( it runs nearly two hours ) . the screenwriters , for example , periodically use a countdown to the millennium as a means of transition between scenes ( i . e . " 4 days to the millennium " ) . this device was used much more effectively in the overlooked sci-fi film strange days . the characters are not who they appear to be at the beginning , which is neat at first but the device wears thin once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation is made . entrapment , in other words , relies too heavily on the audience not knowing what each character's true motive is , resulting in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion . the star power here is quite strong , but the viewer can't help but feel the actors are wasted in this production . sean connery is given such mind-numbing lines as " never trust a naked woman . " ving rhames' character seems like an afterthought ; he's not developed at all . the camera zooms in frequently and leeringly at catherine zeta-jones's tight wardrobe . this , in and of itself , is not bad , but , after a while , it has a juvenile feel to it . at least the species movies hold no bones about the fact that they're exploiting the female body . entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development ( sean connery supposedly falls in love with the girl while watching her , in tights , arc and pivot around laser beams ) . the tagline for this movie reads " the trap is set . " it sure is , on those who spent money to see this movie . entrapment really isn't that bad ; it is watchable . i would suggest , however , one waits until this is on cable or television to see it . 
forgive the fevered criticism but the fervor of the crucible infects . set in 1692 at salem , massachusetts , the crucible opens with a group of teenage girls passionately singing and dancing around a boiling cauldron in the middle of a forest under the glow of a full moon . they beckon the names of men as the targets of their love spells . then one of the girls lets her hair down and sheds her clothes . not to be outdone in her quest to regain the attention of john proctor ( daniel day lewis ) , abigail ( winona ryder ) suddenly seizes a chicken , beats it against the ground and smears her face and lips with the fresh blood . taking even adolescent hormone surges into account , surely this chicken-bashing bit is a bit excessive , especially for prim puritan sensibilities ? surely to the puritan eye this is as close to a coven of witches as it gets ? the crucible errs from the beginning and arthur miller's name should be summoned for blame here for the addition of the above scene to his screen adaptation of his play . this is far from a harmless event , a bad start to an already shaky morality tale . the play describes the film's opening scene during tense exchanges that makes one wonder about the veracity of both accusation and reply , and this adds to the play's charged atmosphere . in the film , the opening scene becomes an unintentional pandora's box . not only is credulity stretched but abigail's obsession is unfortunately spotlighted . it positions the crucible more as a cautionary fable about obsessive and malevolent women than against witch hunts ; it will bring back the memory of a rabbit boiling away in a pot . not surprisingly , the nighttime forest frenzy does not go unnoticed and when two girls fail to wake the following morning , witches are invoked by those eager to blame . when the girls are questioned , their confession of guilt is accompanied with an announcement of their return to god and they are thereafter converted to immaculate witnesses , led lustfully by abigail . with alarming synchronicity our hormonally-advantaged girls zealously gesture and point accusing fingers at innocents , constant reminders that abigail's passion sets all this into inexorable motion . abigail seizes on this opportunity to rid herself of her rival for john proctor's love , his wife elizabeth ( joan allen ) , by including her among those accused of witchcraft . appropriately narrow-waisted and equipped with a distractingly white smile ( watch his teeth deteriorate much too quickly to a murky yellow ) , day lewis plays the dashing moral hero with an over-earnestness that longs to be watched . director nicholas hytner is guilty of encouraging day lewis' foaming-mouth fervour with shots where we stare up at proctor as if he was mounted on a pedestal for our admiration . otherwise , hytner's direction is unremarkable . ryder's performance as abigail is as consistent as her mood swings . her fits of frenzy are energetic enough but the quieter moments are less successful . abigail supposedly revels in her newfound power , but ryder fails at being convincingly haughty although there is much haughtiness to spare here . paul scofield is fine as the overzealous judge danforth , but the incessant moral posturings of all the characters along with the recurrent histrionics of the young girls pricks at the nerves . probably because she is the only refuge of restraint amidst all the huffing and puffing , allen's elizabeth comes out as the most sympathetic character . a scene near the end featuring a private conversation between the imprisoned elizabeth and john is undeniably powerful because for once we are given a reprieve from the moral bantering and the human consequences are revealed . unfortunately , when john's audience again increases to more than one his urge to pontificate returns and the human urgency of his situation is lost . it is clear that miller meant well but i do wish he did it with more delicacy and fewer diversions . his screenplay is an imperfect creature with the distractions coming out as loud as the message . the result is a clumsy muddle - i felt like the chicken from the opening scene , head ceaselessly banged with piousness too heavy-handed to be wholly believable . when the gallows beckoned , it was sweet release indeed . far from bewitching , the crucible tests the patience . 
there was probably a good reason that the warner bros . studio chose not to allow critics to view this steven seagal film when it first opened . and , after seeing this piece of toxic waste , i now know why . this movie is by far the worst offering that has hit the screen since possibly those ernest movies years ago . fire down below centers its story on a little mining town in god's country , somewhere in eastern kentucky . it's beauty and natural goodness is being slowly destroyed by an uncaring mining magnate ( kris kristopherson , who constantly looks like he wants to kill his agent for getting him this role ) . it turns out that he's filling the mines throughout kentucky with toxic waste for a tidy profit . seagal plays jack taggert , an aikido-versed , fighting machine , who is an agent with the epa . no . . . not the cia nor the fbi nor the nsa . it's the environmental protection agency . i had no idea that epa agents were trained to be killers ! taggert is sent to find the perpetrators and to bring them to justice . written by someone named jeb , i could already envision the stereotypes of incestuous relationships , banjo-picking preachers , and dumb-as-nails rednecks . but the script puts seagal right smack dab in the middle of all of these scenarios as he tries to discreetly fit in . seagal's idea of a disguise is a long-length $1000 leather jacket . but to get closer to the kinfolk , he will fix people's porches for free . that's another great epa asset - teaching agents how to fix porches . slow and plodding , this project is a total mess . the sometimes allure of watching seagal is watching him outmaneuver enemies that outnumber and outgun him like in under seige . here , his bravado basically turns into bullyness . townsfolk who are foolish enough to challenge seagal are quickly subdued . fight scenes are quick and senseless and offers no enjoyment value whatsoever . and his soap box message wears thin within the first 15 minutes . the most annoying moment comes when he barges into the middle of a sunday church ceremony , gets behind the pulpit , and beseeches the townsfolk to take control of their lives and to help clean up the environment . but the epitome of how moralistically mushy this film gets happens when the person responsible for the toxic dumping , kristopherson , meets up with seagal . kristopherson asks seagal how much it will take for him to go away . seagal gallantly replies : " i'll leave when you take the poison from the streams and the earth . " i was expecting patriotic music to start blasting and a show of fireworks in the background . this is truly nothing more than a pompous showcase for seagal's righteousness and narcissistic arrogance . seagal has been vanguard in trying to bring a new genre into the filmplace , that of the enviro-thriller ( on deadly ground ) . however , the message will never come across through poorly developed vehicles like this . still , i believe in preserving mother earth , so save your $5 and please donate it instead to some worthy environmentally conscious charity . 
bad movies described as " a swift descent into sinful pleasure , decay , and debauchery " are hard to watch . bad 2000's movies that resemble bad 1980s films are even harder to watch . shadow hours falls into the latter category , a mish-mashed train wreck of b-movie actors ( including michael dorn , aka star trek's worf ) , an uninteresting plot , vain attempts at capitalizing on the " underground " scenes of seedy los angeles , and really , really bad directing and horrendous music video-esque ballistic editing that was taught to me in film school right before i decided to drop out . the film revolves around the life of michael holloway ( balthazar getty ) who is trying to restart his life with his one-dimensional wife chloe ( rebecca gayheart ) after a nasty bout of drug and alcohol addictions . michael takes a job of working the graveyard shift at the local gas station and is bombarded by the ugliness and weirdness of the nightlife of l . a . one night , he meets a strange gent named stuart ( mr . buckaroo banzai , peter weller ) . he drives a porsche , smokes french cigarettes , and drones on about life , eventually coaxing mike into exploring the " underbelly " of l . a . together , a tour of punk bars , s&m clubs , and bare-knuckle fights . the film then throws in a murder mystery with a cop played peter greene , acting like he wants to get the chance at a reprisal of his role in the mask 2 . the film then simply dissolves into a cheap rip-off of dante's inferno mixed with an old stephen j . cannell television pilot . the pace of the film is jarring and utterly without focus . other horrors include the endless montages of people pumping gas and the charlie sheen , johnny depp , richard grieco-esque acting of balthazar getty . peter weller clearly knows his career is completely gone and doesn't give two shits about it . and after the cheap exploitation of bondage clubs , dance clubs , and brothels - damn , isn't anyone safe any more from the ugly eye of hollywood ! ? way back in 1984 , a great but crazy director named abel ferrara made his worse film and called it fear city . shadow hours reminds me of an almost perfect sequel . director/writer : isaac eaton producers : peter alevey , andrea mia , shon greenblatt , balthazar getty starring : balthazar getty , peter weller , rebecca gayheart , peter greene , frederic forrest , brad douriff , michael dorn 
are you like me ? do you get annoyed seeing people talk on their cellulars in public places , shouting out loud , not giving a ratt's ass about anyone around them , and basically just wallowing in their own self-importance ? well if you are , than you will most likely agree with my rating of this film since it basically features a trio of annoying ladies bickering away on the phone for an hour and a half . . . only to make up and hug in the end . aaaaaaaahhhh . . . plot : three grown-up sisters living their own separate lives , begin to re-establish their communication lines when their dear old dad falls ill . critique : this would be a good movie if it wasn't for the fact that it's got very little to say , features uncaring people sharing annoying phone conversations , is chockfull of bad acting moments and provides less emotional satisfaction than any third-rate after-school special . and i'm being nice ! how junk like this gets made is beyond me , but happy am i that the ephron sisters will finally be dealt a professional blow , considering the regurgitation level of their material had just about reached its limit . the only true emotional moment demonstrated between meg ryan's character and her dad in this film is when he hugs her and swings her around at a christmas tree lot . wow . . . how deep . of course , the same christmas tune that's played in every ephron flick chimes out in the background , while characters continue to build " bonds " among one another by making reference to old , quaint movies or movie stars . stop me . . . i'm gonna cry again ! this film is a mess . the characters are boring and irritating to watch , the plot has something to do with three selfish sisters talking on the phone a whole lot , kind of liking their father ( but not really ) and then finally realizing the error of their ways , while sharing an " emotional " moment about movie stars from the 50s . admittedly , i was not expecting much from a film whose television trailer features meg ryan screaming every two seconds and a big dog rolling its eyes , but even i was surprised at the level of ineptitude when it came to some of the acting efforts put forth in this film . meg did fine as the sister who cries a lot , looking as adorable as ever , but someone please put lisa kudrow inside a permanent home of limited range , cause this woman basically is that very same character that she plays in every single movie/tv show that she's in . enough already ! and diane keaton must've spent more time thinking about her role behind the camera in this one , cause her acting was amateurish at best . neither one convinced in " emotional " scenes . granted , they gave walter matthau the best lines in the film and that's probably where my rating of three points comes from . all in all , this movie is not funny ( unless you're one to chuckle at train wrecks ) , provides zero drama ( unless you consider loud phone conversations moving ) , generates absolutely no emotion ( although i did tear up when meg hugged a coffee machine ) and ends on a perfectly pretentious note ( " oh no , please don't get any flour on my donna karan dress ! ) . ugh . i suggest that all ladies take their husbands/boyfriends to see this movie if they are pissed off at them about something ! that'll teach 'em to mess with you ! oh and incidentally , mrs . joblo also likened this movie to a piece of cow dung flailing in the wind , so there ! then again . . . maybe you'll like it . : ) 
as we see the terrible events that unfold before our eyes in the middle east at the moment , hollywood doesn't loose the oppertunity to get involved , by telling stories and expressing opinions . this film centers on a relationship forged throughout the adult lifetimes of two marine colonels , hays hodges ( tommy lee jones ) and terry childers ( samuel l . jackson ) . they fought side by side in vietnam , where childers saved hodges' life by shooting an unarmed pow . that's against the rules of war but understandable , in this story anyway , under the specific circumstances . certainly hodges is not complaining . years pass . hodges , whose wounds make him unfit for action , gets a law degree and becomes a marine lawyer . childers , is now a respected and much-decorated hero that has served his country with his life and sould . because of his excellent record , childers is sent to yemen to rescue the american ambassador ( ben kingsley ) , cowering in the embassy under assault from violent demonstrators and snipers blasting from rooftops . childers does what he has to do : evacuate the family and protect the men under his command . after three marines die and the colonel thinks he sees ground fire , he orders his troops to shoot into the firing crowd . more than 80 yemeni men , women , and children are mowed down . childers is immediately accused of ordering his men to fire on a crowd and murder of unarmed civilians . he persuades his old friend hodges to represent him in the courtroom drama that occupies the second half of the film . did childers violate authorized u . s . military rules of engagement ? or are there simply no rules in war ? the answers to these stereotypical questions are obvious , but the inconsistent plot immediately raises all sorts of other questions . the murder of 83 " innocent civilians " has to result into something greater than a simple trial in the u . s . where is the accusations from the arab leaders ? where is the u . n . ? the film ends without even telling the most interesting story : what happens on the international arena ? this film ( in a way akin to films such as " a few good men " ) has already been accused of breaking the rules of morality and ethics and even of racism . these accusations are pretty heavy , but also unfair . what director william friedklin truly broke was the rules of decent filmmaking . one of the earliest apparent problems with 'rules of engagement' is its lack of credibility . the entire operation in yemen may remind us about what happens in the middle east right now , but is overdone , contrived and unrealistic - as if a chain of events had to happen in a particular manner in order for the plot to proceed . a lot of it is so cheesy that no one could possibly accept it as reality . that is precisely why it's not offensive . it is completely unobjective . many stories are started and never finished . many questions are asked , but never answered . a lot of parallels are referring to nothing . it seems that neither the director , producers or the screenwriter can make up their minds about the contents of their film . is it about arab mentality ? america's foreign policies ? america's role in the world ? corruption in the higher circles ? it goes on and on . it consists of countless stories , but not a definable plot . it tries to be everything for everyone and ends up being nothing for no one . i think that it is ironic , because director william friedkin's probably most acclaimed film was " the exorcist " which had a silly story , but became a rather effective film . in this case you have a strong story with many possibilities and the result is a silly film . though several scenes bare the mark of professionalism ( such as the impressive battle scenes ) , his latest film does simply not engage . i believe that friedklin is a director that is absolutely depended on great scripts and talented producers in order to succeed . it's obvious that he has neither and the result is therefore a catastrophe . the characters feel designed , unreal , merely shadows , with no life outside the conflict . even the actors can not save this film from going under . though both jackson and jones act admirably , with performances that are as good as you get with a script like this , it is not something that these great actors can boast of . they have roles that they could play blindfolded with their hand on the back . jackson is gray and jones uninteresting . the rest of the cast , including ben kingsly , blair underwood and guy pearce are simply waiting for their paychecks . the time has come for the verdict . on the charges of complete lack of objectivity , i find this film guilty . on the charges of breaking the rules of reasonable filmmaking , i find it guilty . but on the charges of racism i find this film not guilty , because of it's inconclusive and often silly plot that lacks objectivity everywhere , not only when concerning the arab population . i must admit that the film is dangerously near the line of being racially offensive and i do think that screenwriter stephen gaghan went a bit too far , portraying the yemeni people almost as stereotypical hollywood bad-guys . this is very sad , since in a time like this it is crucial to not lose objectivity and proclaim the truth . however , it is absolutely necessary to remember that the muslim terrorists are responsible for most of the terrorist activity in and outside the united states . and that it's not a coincidence that u . s . residents in the middle east , including yemen are on constant maximum alert . 
movies can do the two big es very well : educate and entertain . in the best of all possible worlds , they accomplish both . on the red planet , they fail entirely . in the near future , a manned mission is sent to mars to observe primitive plant growth . this film does a remarkable job of demonstrating exactly how exciting watching algae grow would be . after some mumbo-jumbo about an ecological disaster on earth and an interminable wait to reach the fourth planet , the ship falls apart almost as fast as the movie does . the ground crew of people you couldn't care less about is trapped on the surface without food , water or air and stalked by a deadly rogue cyberdog . the one potentially interesting character ( carrie-anne moss ) spends her time alone in the orbiting ship talking to a computer . attempting to graft " 2001 " esque space mysticism with " terminator " robot horror , first time director antony hoffman can't seem to figure out what's going on . neither can we . didn't he have anyone who could step back from the shooting and make sure there was a coherent story ? couldn't he have used the money saved by only having to pay half a dozen actors to hire a scriptwriter ? there are so many mis-steps . every opportunity to create dynamic tension is thwarted by plot holes and lackluster direction . why introduce the theme of faith vs . science if the crewman who could comment on it disappears early only to die _offscreen_ ? the audience begins the film waiting for something to happen . two hours later , they're still waiting . despite our greatest hopes , there is no life on the red planet . 
i remember really enjoying this movie when i saw it years ago . i guess my memory really sucks . there is very , very little that is funny in caddyshack . the laughs are few , and far between , and what there are really aren't that great . caddyshack , as the name implies , more or less centers on one young caddy working at an exclusive country club . michael o'keefe plays said caddy . why they cast this unknown , fairly untalented actor in the lead role is completely beyond me . the movie doesn't seem to have a real plot , just a series of scenes that are little more than opportunities for the rest of the cast to mug at the camera . the only real story , if you can call it that , was a subplot involving the mentally disturbed greens keeper , bill murray , who is having his own private little war against a gopher who is ruining the course . most of the marginal laughs come from rodney dangerfield and ted knight mugging and overacting for the camera -- with painfully limited success . bill murray is slightly amusing in places , but fairly wasted . the biggest waste of all is chevy chase , who didn't even crack a smile on my face with his character's lame zen-like approach to golfing . there are a few decent scenes involving the interaction between dangerfield and knight , but they are far too infrequent to carry the movie . i guess that's what you get for basing a story around an unknown kid . i'm not sure what the writers of this thing were thinking of , but i really think it was something far removed from comedy as they were putting pen to paper . nothing about this movie works . it wouldn't have taken a genius to figure out that this thing wasn't going to fly . most of the scenes just couldn't possibly be funny . it's as if the writers where off in their own little brain damaged world . i'm sure scenes involving chevy chase and his oneness with the golf ball were supposed to be funny . in reality , they were painfully embarrassing to watch . there is a scene at the club pool where all the caddies go wild for the " hot babe " of the movie walking by in her bikini . olive oil would have filled out this swimsuit better than this girl . everything about this movie was just completely implausible as far as the comedy was concerned . maybe if you were drunk out of you mind or high off some sort of illegal narcotic this thing might be funny . but for the rest of us , stay the hell away from caddyshack . 
well if you are up for stellar effects then this is the movie for you . because thats all that there really is . . . . i found that after watching this movie it had many many gaps and flaws in simple logic in the plot . for one thing , a white leading actor who has a black daughter does leave some curiosity . . . . i am not saying that this isn't possible . . but it does leave one to wonder . . . i know i did . another thing is that this movie has sections which are painfully stretched out . . . . and certain scenes are repeated essentially but with slight variations . there was one scene that should have been short . . . but it was horribly stretched and somewhere in the middle of it i found myself thinking . . ok enough already get on with it . there are also times where you have to wonder why things happen the way they do . . . things just magically happen and there is no prelude or anything of the sort . . . another thing that i noticed towards the end was that some characters just vanished without a trace but they were fairly major through most of the beginning . this movie is also very predictable . . . you can almost tell the final story somewhere in the middle and you definitely know what will happen at a given moment . . granted this is hard to omit but here its just blatant it sits there and stares at you . also some of the things that happen are a little too predictable and several cliques are repeated . . . it gets boring at times to tell you the truth . . . even though there is still action going on . another little point i might add is that the main character is supposed to be a quiet chaos mathematician not some shoot them up type of hero . some of the characters are not proper for their roles . the acting is fine but the characters just don't seem to add up . if i was to base my review totally on the plot then i wouldn't rate this movie too highly but that's just the thing this movie isn't just the plot , its the whole package and this package is really well done . the whole movie is really well done and looks really good and if one was to overlook the flaws in the plot and characters then this is really a movie . the special effects are just amazing , you can't tell that the dinosaurs are created it looks like they were there live , in a few instances of course you know its fake but there are other times that you just wouldn't be able to say that the creature wasn't there during filming , extinct or not . another thing is the destruction scenes . . . wow , those were masterpieces . . well some of them were they were well choreographed and along with the dino's make this one of the reasons to see this movie . this movie is fairly long but it is action packed so it should do well in the box office . . unfortunately it will take away from fifth element but alas what can we do . . i may be too cynical for my age but this movie is only worth seeing for the effects and for it few funny moments . . go see it in a matinee if you really must see it its not worth full price if you ask me . one little side note , although my opinion of this movie may not have been the best the way that this movie was marketed and how many theaters it was shown in toronto this opening weekend is nothing short of stupid , there were 10 theater movie theaters that were playing this movie around the clock i think that some people really want money badly . . . . and i think that this type of activity hurts the movie industry let the other movies also have a chance . . . . you know any movie with that much play would succeed even if it was the worst movie ever made . . . . . i thought i'd put this here to deflate the movie hype about this flick . . . its not that bad a movie but its not that great either hope you people realize this . 
synopsis : melissa , a mentally-disturbed woman who likes to smoke , seduces doug , a minor-league baseball player who likes to study anatomy , work on motorcycles , and make out with his girlfriend in a public library . when doug decides to stop seeing her , melissa maliciously takes revenge on those around him , including his girlfriend , his mother , and his cat . comments : malicious , i suppose , is an acceptable moview for what it is : a cheap , b-movie thriller which rips off dozens and dozens of spurned-psycho-lover-who-wants-revenge films ( like fatal attraction , hand that rocks the cradle , etc . etc . ) that have come before it . malicious , however , really doesn't provide very many particularly suspenseful moments . the plot starts off energetically enough , the main characters are introduced and the affair between doug and melissa begins and ends pretty early on in the film . it starts to drag , unfortunately , after this . melissa will obviously try to take her revenge on doug ( as always seems to happen in movies like these ) , but she does so in unimaginative ways that have been done in other , better thrillers before . she drugs someone . she kills a family pet and leaves it in the girlfriend's apartment . and , of course , she stalks , so we see a number of shots , which are supposed to be suspenseful , where she's spying on doug and his girlfriend . i won't reveal the ludicrous ending to this turkey , but i warn you that it's both painfully obvious and a real yawner . john vernon does a remarkably good job at playing the not-so-bright baseball jock who initially gets swept away by melissa ( one of the script's faults is to try to pass off a character like this as a pre-med student ) . the same cannot be said , though , for molly ringwald . at times , she can effectively pull off the obsessed lover routine , especially during her silent , i'm-going-to-stare-you-down scenes . at other times , however , she just seems somehow goofy and out of place . in one particular scene which i guess was supposed to be suspenseful , she screeches " f--k you , you b-----d " and throws a phone . she delivers the line so ridiculously that one can't help but laugh . malicious certainly isn't the worst thriller of its kind out in the video racks ( a number of really fat turkies in this genre are out there ) , but it isn't all that good or original either . feel free to treat this film maliciously , watch something else . 
the main problem with martin lawrence's pet project , a thin line between love and hate , like any fatal attraction variation where the protagonist is a man , is that his character is an irresponsible jerk , and if that is the case , it doesn't seem to do anything except justify the woman's actions . that is especially the case in lawrence's darnell wright . he is one of those macho guys with women lined up a mile long . now don't think i condone this just because i'm male . my philosophy is , if you are one of the few heterosexual males lucky enough to get your hands on a beautiful , kind girl , you should treat her like a princess and respect her . darnell doesn't think like this . he sleeps with these girls once and dumps them . and by the period in the film he discovered that his newest target , beautiful , wealthy brandi web ( played nicely by whitfield ) who runs a successful real estate business , is out to kill him for dumping her for his childdhood friend mia ( king ) , i found myself thinking , " i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? " after all , it is largely darnell's fault . if he is lining up all these women , you'd think he'd have enough common sense to think it would backfire on him one day , as his mother says it does . but he doesn't , so you get the sense that he's not only irresponsible , but also pretty dumb . you especially get this sense that he's dumb after brandi tells him she killed her husband for allegedly abusing her . ( i'd put my pants on in two seconds after that ! ) now , brandi is a psycho bitch , but it's hard not to agree with what she says to darnell during the finale about guys like him treating her like garbage . one final flaw , though , is letting brandi fall for darnell to begin with . brandi is a classy , intelligent woman with an mba from harvard , who initally resists darnell's " immature play " as she calls it , as any woman like her would in real life . but all of a sudden she says yes . but when you listen to darnell's four letter word vocabulary watch his actions , you wonder why such an intelligent woman would fall for a guy like darnell period , much less have such an unhealthy obsession for him ! lawrence can be good when he wants to , but in order to prove it , he needs to let other people write and direct his movies . look at this movie . four writers , as a result it's too long ( two hours , when it could've easily worked at ninety minutes ! ) and it has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came ( which makes me think the writers didn't get along ) , all of which isn't necessary . there are some bright spots , though . whitfield , regina king , della reese , and bobby brown all do what they can with lazily written parts , and they help it out a lot . and there are some funny parts ( like , for example , the scene where reese attempts to fight whitfeld for harrassing her son and damaging her property ) , but they're just not enough to sustain the film . 
underwater science fiction stays submerged sphere a film review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman one of the most unpleasant experiences that can occur in a movie theater is when a cast of fine actors end up in a film that wastes their talents . you keep thinking what they might have accomplished with the time they squandered . psychologist norman goodman ( dustin hoffman ) is called to the middle of the pacific ocean to work with the survivors of a plane crash . when he arrives at the site , he discovers that there is no plane , but rather an enormous spacecraft that has been sitting 1 , 000 feet below the surface for almost 300 years . having written a paper for the bush administration on how to handle first contact , he is chosen to head up the team of scientists investigating the ship . his group as outlined in his report , consists of beth halperin ( sharon stone ) , a biochemist ; harry adams ( samuel l . jackson ) , a mathematician ; and ted fielding ( liev schreiber ) , an astrophysicist . unfortunately it turns out that the writing was a blow-off project for goodman who did it for the money and named his then-colleagues to the team . " after all , " he explains , " who reads government documents ? " lead by harold barnes ( peter coyote ) , a top secret federal operative , the group descends to a mobile undersea headquarters set up next to the alien vessel . once there they stroll over , knock on the door and explore the still-operational ufo . discovering the surprising origin of the ship and the crew finds an astonishing gigantic golden liquid metal sphere . when adams enters the sphere , the weirdness unfolds . a storm rolls in on the surface and the team is forced to remain below just as an unseen presence begins to communicate through their computer . " my name is jerry . i am happy " flashes across the screen . this is unsettling for the psychologist . " what happens if jerry gets mad ? " he asks . barnes is more pragmatic : he needs a last name because he can't put in his report that they made contact with an alien named jerry . then the situation turns bad . deadly beasts appear from nowhere . a gang of jellyfish kills one of the navy personnel . lethal sea snakes attack goodman . a giant squid batters the habitat just as adams is reading " 20 , 000 leagues under the sea " . the suspicious scientists turn against each other . this has all the makings of a first-rate thinking man's science fiction film . however even the finest ingredients don't go very far in the hands of a chief who doesn't seem to care about his product . director barry levinson has churned out a mish-mosh that doesn't engage the audience beyond a few skillful suspense scenes . the first of the film zooms by as the situation and players are introduced without any characterization or justification . it's much like speed-reading a novel and realizing that you missed the nuances . it doesn't get any better when the action scenes begin . while the actors do an adequate job with their limited roles , the people are still flat . oddly they hardly have reactions when deaths occur around them . after adams experiences the interior of the sphere , no one bothers to ask him what happened . their history together is an intriguing plot device but is barely exploited . even goodman and halperin's ill-conceived affair when she was his student is just mentioned in passing . her psychotic tendencies are talked about but never convincing . there's a truism that items shown early in a movie must be used before the ending , but here they are far too obvious . when an emergency mini-sub is explained , you know what's going to happen . the movie affectations are nothing more than distracting . chapter headings that divide the movie have no function . the shaky camera work muddies already perplexing chaos . much of what goes on is confusing and difficult to follow . although some of the disorientation eventually is understandable , a great deal of it isn't . even a science fiction film must be internally consistent . there's too much here that doesn't make sense . are the manifestations real ? the jellyfish kill queen latifa ( in a throw-away role ) and the squid nearly destroys the outpost , but the bites of the fatal snakes have no effect . a scene in the sub suggests that it's illusion , but earlier episodes indicate that it's not . not everything has to be explained to death , but there are major questions that the film never answers . where the ship came from is clarified , but how it ended up on the ocean floor in 1709 is merely alluded to . even the enigmatic sphere is still mysterious when the credits roll . the climax is followed by 15 minutes of epilogue that does little but weaken the already labored tale . after pre-release audience testing , the actors were called back to re-shoot the ending . it's difficult to imagine how the original could have been worse . following the recent tradition of lengthy films , this weighs in at over two very long hours . the weak scenes could have been cut , but then there wouldn't have been much left . the movie was supposedly held up by effects work , but there's nothing special on the screen . we never even see the monstrous squid or the menacing storm . stealing from " alien " , " the abyss " and the disastrous " event horizon " , this film has learned nothing from them . remarkably levinson and hoffman's other currently showing film is " wag the dog " , a smart and entertaining piece of work . this one could have been titled the same sans one word . 
synopsis : a humorless police officer's life changes when he befriends a super-smart , super-adorable golden retriever named einstein and a cute , young blond scientist . unfortunately , einstein shares a psychic link with a bigfoot-sized ape-creature trained by the blond scientist to be an unstoppable killing machine , and this rogaine-nightmare is loose and after the dog and the girl . meanwhile , a group of white , chain-smoking , gun-toting nsa agents in sunglasses and business suits tries to kill all the other characters in the movie . comments : watchers reborn , a cheaply made direct-to-video turkey , is the fourth sequel to the first film version of dean koontz's bestselling novel watchers . technically , this should have been called watchers v , but it seems that this cycle of horror movies , much like many other sequel-crazy film series , has decided to drop the numbers from the titles . ( even the star trek movies dropped the numbers from their titles after star trek vi . ) the makers of watchers reborn probably want to fool unsuspecting video rental customers into thinking this might be a good movie instead of a crappy fifth installment of a film series which should have died a long time ago . this really isn't a good movie . have you ever rented a movie and recieved a sinking feeling about it when you watched the previews preceding the feature presentation ? well , any hope a viewer may have had , perhaps because he is a fan of novelist dean koontz or actor mark hamill , will be dashed by the time he's seen the trailers tagged on before the beginning of watchers reborn . they're awful . these commercials cover films like a strange stripper movie called shadow dancer , some weird crap about a dead indian , teens , and wolves , and an " action " movie called detonator starring scott baio . scott baio ! what idiot dreamed this movie up ? after surviving these abysmal trailers , the person finally gets to watch the movie he rented : watchers reborn . " maybe it won't be * that * bad " he may say to himself . " perhaps , just perhaps , the bottom-of-the-barrel film fluff advertised before it is greatly misleading . watchers reborn , after all , is based on that cool book dean koontz wrote a decade ago . it stars mark hamill -- luke skywalker himself from that terrific star wars trilogy . lou rawls is even in the mix ! " unfortunately , the force is certainly no longer with mark hamill ( he looks very sick here ) , and this movie shares only basic plot elements with watchers , the book . the latter is really too bad . koontz is a hack writer producing way too many thrillers for his own good , but he is still my favorite hack writer . koontz has a writing style which is succinct and suspenseful . people who read many of his books , however , often complain of repetitive plot devices . it's definately not a koontz book if there isn't ( 1 ) a psychic , ( 2 ) a super-intelligent dog , or ( 3 ) a psychotic killer who likes ripping out people's eyeballs . watchers has all three devices , which may explain why it's arguably the most popular of koontz's books . the idea behind koontz's novel , though highly implausible , is very interesting . basically , a biological war machine is created : a smart dog can be released in battle , track down its target , and then relay the target's position , psychically , to a large creature designed to kill in hand-to-hand combat . silly but kind of neat too . i'm sorry . i don't mean to ramble on about matters not directly linked to watchers reborn , the movie . i suppose i just don't want to talk about the movie itself . this turkey is really cheesy . no one in this movie can act , including mark hamill , and it's difficult seeing the aged luke skywalker stumble around trying to be the hero . the cheese factor is only increased when he's involved in an implied sex scene with the blond biologist / geneticist / zoologist / whatever-the-f * * k-she's-supposed-to-be whom he befriends . mercifully , the filmmakers opted not to do nudity . to be honest , the only half-convincing actor in the film is the golden retriever who plays einstein . you know a movie is bad when a dog outacts all of its human counterparts . i find it difficult to relate how laughable the action sequences are in this movie . and the creature ! yes , the creature out after poor einstein is some guy in a furry suit and a mask which poorly imitates the werewolves in the howling . this creature is shot about 500 , 000 times , but it's okay . the creature has the ability to kill people by swinging his arms around and pushing . oh , he can also rip body parts off , allowing for many scenes of fake hands and arms being thrown around . cheesy gore . that's another main element of watchers reborn . it has many bloody scenes which are thoroughly unconvincing and only increase the film's campiness rather than its suspense . ultimately , i gave watchers reborn a star and a half because bad horror / sci-fi film buffs may get a few kicks out of the film's silliness ( though this film will tax even their patience -- it's an 83 minute film , but it feels like four hours ) . also , i hate to admit , i have survived far worse than this . anyone who has sat through the christopher lambert and natasha henstridge debacle known as adrenalin : fear the rush will know what i mean . finally , i couldn't help but think that watchers reborn would work well as " bot fodder " for the creative folks behind one of my all-time favorite shows , " mystery science theater 3000 . " this thought alone helped me survive watchers reborn with a smile on my face . rated r , watchers reborn contains dozens of blood-spattered bodies and unconvincing gore . it also has violence , obviously . i wouldn't recommend it for the little kids , but i'm sure even young teens would make it through this movie okay . instead of watching this film , however , i recommend reading koontz's book . trust me , it'll be time much , much better spent . 
aspiring broadway composer robert ( aaron williams ) secretly carries a torch for his best friend , struggling actor marc ( michael shawn lucas ) . the problem is , marc only has eyes for " perfect 10s , " which the geeky , insecure robert certainly is not . meanwhile , marc's spoiled ( hetero ) female roommate , cynthia ( mara hobel ) , spends her days lying about their apartment and harrassing magazine editor tina brown . writer-director victor mignatti's " very romantic comedy " ( as the ad campaign states ) is supposed to be ( pardon the pun ) a gay ol' romp , but it's hard to have much fun with these annoying , self-absorbed characters and their shallow personal problems : marc and cynthia have sitcom-level domestic " crises " ( such as trying to kill bugs--how hilarious ) ; robert and marc go to acting class ( how riveting ) ; the zaftig cynthia goes on eating binges ( how original ) . but more than anything else , the three whine . constantly . marc whines about his turbulent romance with an apparent " 10 , " david ( hugh panaro ) , the hunky musician from across the way ; robert whines about not being able to find the right guy ; cynthia whines about having to find a job ( horrors ) . the terrible trio whine their way to a happy ending that is wholly undeserved . add in overly broad performances and some laughable lipsynching by panaro , and you're left with one astonishing piece of cinematic damage . 
she was the femme in " la femme nikita . " he was the baldwin in " backdraft , " " sliver , " and " fair game " ( with cindy crawford ) . together , anne parillaud and william baldwin conspire to make " shattered image " the biggest piece of hooey since the stallone/stone " thriller " " the specialist . " the film poses the question " what if the life you're living now is really a dream , and your dreams reality ? " it's either about a woman who's haunted by a recurring ( and recurring and recurring ) nightmare that she's a hired assassin , or it's about a hired assassin who's haunted by a recurring ( and recurring and recurring ) nightmare that she's honeymooning with william baldwin in jamaica . it doesn't much matter and believe me by the time " shattered image " runs its painful and pedestrian course you won't care . these two lives , with parillaud looking like siouxsie sioux with a black wig , black emotionless eyes , and black leather clothing in the seattle-based assassin scenes , and moping around like karen carpenter in the jamaica scenes , play out endlessly throughout the film and the result is it's now * twice * as boring as it might have been . it's not that complicated plots can't be entertaining . of course it helps if you have interesting characters , crisp dialogue , and a modicum of style . " shattered image " isn't complex , it's just stupid . and boring . parillaud and baldwin , who aren't exactly shakespearean material to begin with , are saddled with such leaden dialogue that their characters have zero chance of breaking free of their cardboard confines . lines like : " you don't beg , you insist . i like that in a woman . " that's parillaud's character talking . . . to her cat ! and : " you're not the reason i couldn't care less about you . " huh ? and this wonderful bathroom interchange early in the film : " if you give me a couple of minutes you know i'll charm the pants off you . " " i don't have that kind of time . " talking of pants , parillaud has her clothes off faster than you can say " point of no return . " we have come to expect this from billy baldwin , but it might have been nice to have learned something about their characters first . but there's nothing to learn . karen is as interesting as a cereal box , a someone's-out-to-get-me crybaby who imagines the voice at the other end of the phone , the stranger who sends her flowers , maybe even her husband himself , is her would-be killer . siouxsie is the chromium cool , tough-as-nails crack killing machine who shoots out a couple of mirrors in order to justify the film's meaningless stock title . baldwin seems more interested in parillaud's nest egg ( so that he can pave paradise and put up a parking lot ) than he does in her . each time graham greene shows up he gets killed . barbet schroeder ( " reversal of fortune " ) co-produced and should be ashamed of himself . every now and again it's fun to watch a really bad movie . and every now and again , as " shattered image " makes agonizingly clear , it isn't . 
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . i was incredulous when i first heard that mgm was planning a sequel to their 1995 science-fiction flick species . squandering an intriguing premise , the original film turned out to be a dreadful mess , widely disliked by both audiences and critics alike -- and nonetheless still somehow succeeded in becoming a financial success , raking in over $60 million domestic during the competitive summer season despite a distinct lack of star power in its cast ( ben kingsley's a splendid actor , but a marquee name he ain't ) . miraculously dodging the bullet with the first film , i doubted that they'd dare tempt fate and go for another round . so here comes species ii , with a new creative team ( director peter medak and screenwriter chris brancato step in for roger donaldson and dennis feldman , respectively ) that fails to improve the series one iota -- like its predecessor , species ii fails to capitalize on a potentially promising kernel and instead runs the gamut from ridiculously silly to unmitigatedly stupid . the film follows the exploits of a young man , patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , whose sole focus is on cruising along the streets in order to pick up women , loitering in strip clubs , and generally trying to bed as many different ladies as he possibly can . in other words , patrick is like a lot of guys ; these activities could describe the everyday routines of a huge percentage of men his age , but there's a catch -- he's an astronaut who recently returned from a seemingly successful mission to mars , and who's now infected with alien dna . patrick's overriding compulsion : to mate and sire countless numbers of gooey little alien offspring . and when he becomes aware of eve ( natasha henstridge ) , a half-human , half-alien clone of the monster from the first film being studied in a government lab , patrick's primary focus turns to her -- " if these two were to mate , the resulting pure strain of offspring would be unstoppable " warns dr . laura baker ( marg helgenberger , gamely reprising her role ) with admirable conviction . species ii opens with the mars mission , and the space scenes are remarkably unconvincing and hokey-looking , even splicing back to dated , grainy footage of actual spacecraft activities -- they really skimped on production values this time around . however , this all looks positively inspired when compared to the first appearance of the evil alien goo which ultimately infests patrick ; watching as it slinks around the command module of the spaceship , any question as to whether or not this is a cheesy b-movie is quickly answered . mr . brancato's original screenplay is filled with outrageous lines which often leaves the audience in stitches . like the first film ( and perhaps in homage to it ) , there's a real penchant for dialogue which underlines the obvious . last time around featured the hootworthy line uttered by forest whitaker's psychic empath character upon entering a bloodsoaked room -- " something bad happened here . " this time , laura gets to stand over a fresh , shredded corpse with its entails ripped out and mutter " this is awful . " and she's not even empathic ! and when a psychotically horny patrick accosts a supermarket shopper and drags her kicking and screaming behind the building in a woefully-paced suspense sequence , eve , who's telepathically linked to her alien/human-hybrid counterpart ( whatever ) , helpfully tells our alien-hunting protagonists , " he's going to rape her . " while species ii is often unintentionally hilarious , at least it occasionally demonstrates a sense of humour of its own . there's an amusing , tongue-in-cheek bit of product placement ( which doesn't really make much sense , but i appreciated the sentiment ) , as well as some supermarket-related hijinx ( " he's in aisle 1 ! " informs eve ) . if the film maintained this sort of light-hearted tone , it would have been much more charming and enjoyable to watch , but , to its detriment , it instead takes its silly plot far too seriously and barrels along to a bloody , effects-ladened anticlimactic conclusion . much of the film fails to make a whole lot of sense , and there are such gaping plot holes that it's terribly difficult to contain any suspension of disbelief . the implausibilities are endless : what about the toxic bomb in eve's brain ? why are the guards armed with guns when they already know firearms are ineffectual ? my favourite was the slow-motion sequence in the film where eve , sporting superhuman strength , is shown tossing aside guards who are attempting to contain her with what look like body blocks . this is the sort of movie which leaves you holding your head in amazed disbelief , incredulous that it's being foisted upon the public . returning headlines michael madsen ( who reprises tough guy press lennox ) and ms . helgenberger do what they can with this goofy screenplay , but there's realistically only so much one can do with this script as a basis . mykelti williamson ( portraying astronaut dennis gamble ) churns out an all-too-familiar spin on a generic brash-mouthed character , and fine character actors george dzundza ( playing colonel burgess and looking ridiculous in the process ) and james cromwell ( patrick's neglectful father , senator ross ) are utterly wasted in the film . mr . lazard gives his character an appropriately shifty-eyed look , while returning vixen ms . henstridge is actually given the opportunity to act in one scene ( and acquits herself nicely ) , but is mostly relegated to reprising her familiar role of parading about in skimpy clothing ( or none at all ) . ms . henstridge recently commented on how some female audiences have expressed appreciation for her character in the first entry of the species series , claiming that " she's so empowered . " a lethal half-alien in heat who dispatches of her sexual partners in grotesque fashion -- now * that's * what i call empowerment . 
stars : armand assante ( mike hammer ) , barbara carrera ( dr . charlotte bennett ) , laurene landon ( velda ) , alan king ( charles kalecki ) , geoffrey lewis ( joe butler ) , paul sorvino ( detective pat chambers ) , judson scott ( charles hendricks ) , barry snider ( romero ) , julia barr ( norma childs ) / mpaa rating : r / review : in the 1982 updating of mickey spillane's 1947 novel " i , the jury , " hard-boiled detective mike hammer is a vietnam vet who drives a shiny bronze trans am , dresses like don johnson in " miami vice " with less pastels , and has sworn off alcohol . however , he still smokes his lucky strikes , detests all forms of authority , and kills at a whim . beyond that , the updated film retains little or no resemblance to the original pulpy page-turner by spillane , probably the most infamous and often reviled of all mystery writers . the movie starts off with a bang : a howler of an opening credits sequence that is a cheap steal from the james bond series , complete with cheesy graphics and an overbearing jazz score by bill conti ( " rocky " ) . after that , the movie and the book begin the same , with the murder of jack williams ( frederick downs ) , a one-armed detective and hammer's best friend . hammer declares that he will seek vengeance for jack's death , and with the help of his devoted secretary , the blond and shapely velda ( laurene landon ) , and the alternately friendly / antagonistic police chief pat chambers ( paul sorvino ) , he is immediately on the killer's trail . here the movie splits completely from the book , and dives into a convoluted and improbable tale of government conspiracy and mind control tactics involving the mafia , the cia , one of hammer's vietnam vet buddies , and a kinky sex clinic . many of the same characters from the book appear in the movie , but they take on slightly different roles . for instance , charles kalecki ( alan king ) , a numbers runner and narcotics dealer in the book , turns into a suave mob boss . and , more importantly , hammer's suspicious love interest , charlotte bennett ( barbara carrera ) , morphs from a run-of-the-mill psychiatrist into the coordinator and founder of the sex clinic . " i , the jury " is one of several cinematic renditions of spillane's books ( including a 1953 version which was made in 3-d ) , but this film differs from those earlier versions in one major way : it includes all of the sex and violence spillane wrote about that could never be given screen treatment due to hollywood's production code . although this takes the 1982 version of " i , the jury " closer to the core of the original subject matter , it is in this aspect that the film received the most criticism , because it took this new license to extremes that many argued surpassed what was in the book . rest assured , the movie not only includes a great deal of nudity , but it is thoroughly violent , especially toward women . it features one woman having her neck slashed , a set of twins forced to strip before being stabbed to death by a psychotic sexual deviant programmed by the cia ( judson scott ) , and another woman shot point-blank in the belly by hammer himself . no one would deny that spillane's writing has a definite misogynistic nature , but the movie seems to take it a step further by giving it such glorious screen treatment ; its constant equation of sex and violence , much of which is played with the intention of being erotic , is quite unsettling . it's no surprise that the movie , like the book , fades to black with a dead woman on the floor . " i , the jury " had a troubled production and was not well-supported by the studio that made it , which is one explanation why it didn't do well in theaters and many people have forgotten that it was ever made . the script was written by larry cohen , who is best known for his creatively cheesy but nonetheless effective monster movies , like " it's alive " ( 1974 ) and its two sequels , " q " ( 1981 ) , and " the stuff " ( 1985 ) . cohen wrote the script thinking he was going to helm the project as well , but he was yanked from the director's chair after only a week's worth of shooting because he was already $100 , 000 over budget . he was quickly replaced by richard t . heffron , who has worked for the last three decades on a handful of undistinguished movies and dozens of television projects . heffron was obviously brought in not for his talent , but because he could make the movie rapidly and efficiently . it shows in the final product . cohen had personal interest in the updated version of hammer , but heffron has none . he shot the movie quickly and clumsily , and although some scenes ring true , most of them are flat , trite , and invariably dull . the movie features numerous car chases , shoot-outs , and stunts , but heffron's background in television is the dominant tone ; despite the graphic violence and full-frontal nudity , " i , the jury , " takes on the air of a made-for-tv quickie , with no real punch or depth . but the problems in " i , the jury " run deeper than the technical . the central fault in this updating is mike hammer , whose character was lost in the shuffle while updating from the fifties to the eighties . because spillane wrote all his hammer mysteries in the first person , hammer's character is central to the tale because all the events are filtered through his persona . we never really get that impression in the movie -- there is no first-person voice-over narration and some scenes don't have hammer in them at all . consequently , a great deal of the texture of spillane's storytelling is lost . the period updating turns out to be a detrimentally bad idea because much of hammer's moral code is thrown to the wind . despite his characterization as a hard-nosed , violent , misogynistic killer , hammer always stuck fervently to his own moral code . the title itself , " i , the jury , " refers to his anti-establishment notion of being his own law . unlike private eyes who seek out the bad guys and then turn them over the police , hammer both pursues the criminal and exacts the punishment . in this way , he can be seen as " above the law , " but he still adheres strictly to her own personal code of conduct , his own morality . the movie forgoes that aspect of his character , and hammer comes off not only as amoral in society's terms , but in any terms , especially his own . if anything , hammer always had his professionalism , but the movie does away with that in the first three minutes by showing him rolling in the sack with the wife of a client who had paid him to find out if that wife was being unfaithful . maybe the scene was intended for laughs , but it only cheapens hammer's character and is , by all accounts , a lousy way to start the movie . the blame for hammer's character can't be laid on assante's shoulders , because despite some unnecessary marlon brandon-like mumbling , he delivers a fine performance . spillane never once described hammer's physical attributes in any of the dozen books in which he appeared , so any actor could conceivably portray him . of course , because of the lack of written description , those who have read spillane's books will have a strong personal notion of what hammer looks like , and therefore almost any screen incarnation will somehow fall short of expectations ( spillane , who played the character himself in 1963's " the girl hunters , " is generally considered the best of the film hammers ) . the rest of actors are most un-noteworthy . with the exceptions of alan king and paul sorvino , everyone who appeared in " i , the jury " were up-and-comers who basically went nowhere . many of them ended up working in television ( like carrera , who had a short stint on " dallas " in the mid-eighties ) , which only adds to the made-for-tv atmosphere of the film . maybe someday , someone will manage to get the right elements together and make an effective film rendition of a spillane book , but this is certainly not it . 
the sequel to the fugitive ( 1993 ) , u . s marshals is an average thriller using it's association with the fugitive just so it can make a few extra bucks . tommy lee jones returns to his role as chief deputy samuel gerard , the grizzly cop who was after harrison ford in the fugitive . this time , he's after fugitive mark sheridan ( snipes ) who the police think killed two fbi agents , but of course he's been set up , and when the police plane escort he ( and gerard ) are riding crashes , he makes a run for it , gerard not so hot on his tail . what follows is about 2 hours of action , brought to us by the director of executive decision ( 1995 ) , another film curiously involving a plane . when comparing this movie to the fugitive , the prequel is far superior . but even on it's own , u . s marshals is a pretty lousy movie . while the original was reasonably intelligent , and had a fugitive to root for , the audience feels strangely distanced from snipes fugitive , mainly because we know so little about him until way into the film's overlong running time . while the fugitive gave a little time to develop harrison fords character , u . s marshals is straight in there , pulling it's trump card ( the place crash ) almost immediately . to be honest , i couldn't care less if snipe's character got captured or not . snipes performance is average , and his character gets surprisingly little screen time ( considering he is the fugitive ) for reasons i'll explain later . tommy lee jones is as fine as ever , although his role is hardly a challenge . the sense of deja vu was overwhelming . i know it's the same role from the fugitive , but there is seemingly no attempt to develop his character from the last film . there's a few 'nudge nudge' references from the first film , but apart from that , nothing . nobody even mentions harrison ford in this movie . downey jnr is ok as fbi agent john royce who's roped into the chase , and sexy french actress irene jacob wanders in and out of the movie as snipes wife . nobody looks as if their having a good time , and all the performers are on autopilot . the supporting cast are o . k , but when it comes to performances , u . s marshals falls flat on it's face . it doesn't fare any better plot-wise , either . the film starts off with gerard trying to capture snipes , but then veers off into terrorists territory . as said above , the film is an normal , average terrorist thriller , seen a million times before , but is using the fugitive reputation to make it sound more professional . if this film wasn't the 'sequel' to the fugitive , this would probably go straight to video , or not even been made at all , because it's so average . and because of the film's plot changing it's course , snipes is almost forgotten apart , and hardly features in the movie . stuart baird , the director , is all right , but there's no particular scene that stands out . it's director is the usual action movie style . even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension . the special effects are nice , especially the plane crash , and there's a good ( if very loud ) soundtrack by veteran composer jerry goldsmith . but in the end , u . s marshals suffers from an overwhelmingly lack of excitement . sure , it's loud and dumb , but in the end u . s marshals just ain't fun . bored performers and a lackluster plot and script , do not make a good action movie . overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities 
robin williams has the rarest of gifts : the ability to rise above the most inept material and suffuse it with his irreverent style . overwhelmingly , his worst films are pleasantly diverting at worst and enjoyable at best ( with the notable exception of flubber ) . so when i , the one person who has refused to abandon him despite patch adams , tell you that not even williams can save his latest project , you know it's in trouble . jakob the liar is a confused , muddled little movie ; a generically " uplifting " film with a fundamental contradiction : the message it delivers is depressing as opposed to inspiring and the movie doesn't realize it . williams plays jakob haim , a jew imprisoned in a polish ghetto during world war ii . one night he wanders outside after curfew and is promptly sent to the office of a high-ranking german officer for his punishment . jakob gets off easy and he gets to hear approximately 30 seconds of a radio broadcast . the announcement ( in english , but punctuated by a triumphant " heil hitler ! " ) is that russian troops are only miles away from jakob's ghetto . liberation ! he thinks . the next day , jakob tells the news to his closest friend , a volatile prize fighter named misha ( liev schreiber ) , who despite being sworn to secrecy passes the message along . soon , it is a common assumption in the ghetto that jakob has a radio hidden in his home -- a crime punishable by death . this is absurdly false , but the more jakob tells the people of the ghetto this , the more convinced they become that he is abreast of the latest developments in the war that is to decide their fate . the danger , of course , is that the germans allegedly have informants throughout the ghetto , and rumors about the radio can get out and put jakob in great danger . in a curiously irrelevant subplot , jakob finds a 11-year old girl who has separated from her parents and decides to hide her in his small home . apparently he is afraid that she will be discovered , and goes to great length to make sure of that -- just why the idea frightens him is never made clear . he and the girl build an uninvolving , generic relationship that never goes anywhere and is as irrelevant at the end as it was in the beginning . the moral of the story is that hope is the best medicine . but jakob the liar forgets that the hope that jakob brings to his ghetto is false . such hope inevitably leads to expectations of its realization and when those expectations aren't met , the results are far worse than if there was no hope . that's the film's biggest detriment : it is based on a false assumption and thus comes off as painfully false . it's never moving because it doesn't give us anything to be moved by . jakob the liar fails to tug any heartstrings which destroys its purpose for existing . robin williams doesn't inject the film with life , as a matter of fact , he seems a little out of it , as if crippled by his fake accent . he is stragely unenthusiastic ; his character is one who spreads hope but his performance is lifeless , hopeless . not since good will hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent ; this isn't the robin williams we know and love . in good will hunting he became a serious actor and won an oscar for it . here , he is more of a wannabe serious actor ; an impostor . jakob the liar will be compared with last year's life is beautiful because it is being marketed as a " holocaust comedy " . it's not a comedy . it tries , sometimes , but it rarely works . is it a melodrama ? a war movie ? a character study ? no , no , and no . jakob the liar is the kind of movie that can't be placed into a category ; not because it covers so many different genres but because it fails at just about every one it attempts . 
susan granger's review of " two can play that game " ( screen gems ) since the success of " waiting to exhale , " there have been several romantic comedies about african-american professionals . this female revenge fantasy , vivica a . fox plays shante smith , a stunning ad exec who seems to have reached the pinnacle of success : a mansion , a sporty car and an idyllic relationship with a hunky , hot-shot lawyer , morris chestnut . she's at a point in her life when she dispenses advice to her grateful girl-friends ( mo'nique , wendy racquel robinson , tamala jones ) . " when your man messes up , no matter how small it is , " she smugly decrees , " yuh gots to punish him . " so when she catches her hot man dancing at a bar with a smart and sexy rival , gabrielle union , she devises her own version of " the rules , " a 10-day " tough love " emotionally punishing plan to get him back . unfortunately , writer/director mark brown ( " how to be a player " ) breaks the cardinal rule of romantic comedy : you have to like the protagonist - and shrill , self-congratulatory shante smith is a smirking , superficial , spiteful shrew who doesn't realize that rational rules cannot always be applied to love . having her talk directly into the camera gets stale very quickly and the " day one , " " day two " title-card device underscores the tedium . comic anthony anderson scores as chestnut's boisterous best-friend , and singer bobby brown does a cameo as a scuzzy mechanic who's given a smooth makeover by ms . robinson . but the out-takes over the closing credits contain more humor than the film itself . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " two can play that game " is smarmy if slick 4 , filled with misogynistic attitude and blatant product placements ( coca-cola , miller genuine draft ) but little else . in this r-rated ( for explicit sexual language ) , pseudo-hip battle of the sexes , the audience loses . 
say , tell me if you've seen this before : a crisis on-board a commercial airliner causes a stewardess to have to fly and land the plane herself . airport '97 anyone ? ray liotta is a psychotic serial killer being transported from new york to california on christmas eve . amazingly , on what would seemingly be a busy day of travel on one of the most flown routes , only about six other passengers are on the flight . anyway , they take off , liotta escapes and kills all the police and the pilots , and stewardess lauren holly locks herself in the cockpit to fly the plane . the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing ( at one point , this jumbo jet is flying completely upside down ) , the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying . surprisingly , co-writer steven e . de souza actually wrote the first two " die hard " movies ! " turbulence " takes place at christmas time , yet the film was released a few days after the holidays . brilliant marketing , as no one cares about anything having to do with christmas after december 26th . the studio knew they had a bomb , and purposely dumped it out when the fewest number of people would see it . [r] 
it's not a bad thing to update old stories . it's done all the time in the oral tradition . the difficulty with this film is not that the tale has changed , it's that it's dry . the new cinderella , danielle ( drew barrymore ) is not sitting around waiting for her prince to come . she's a woman of the late twentieth century albeit situated in sixteenth century france . when her father dies , she stays on in his house even though she is mistreated by her wicked stepmother rodmilla ( anjelica huston ) . she works by day , but reads sir thomas more by firelight at night . although the story is updated , you know the plot . danielle meets prince henry ( dougray scott ) , goes to a ball disguised , is later found out and they live happily ever after . the movie is often like watching a filmed play . theater in real life is engrossing . theater on the screen is usually lifeless . there doesn't seem to be much going on . the camera can be a star of films . here it's a co-conspirator . danielle's convictions are compromised . a socialist and a feminist , she pretends to be royalty to get her man . a kind woman , her last act in the movie is one of revenge . the most enjoyable characters are the most cartoonish . the fairy godmother stand-in , leonardo da vinci ( patrick godfrey ) is fun to watch as the eccentric old man who advises danielle . huston is enjoyable in her over-the-top wickedness . in all fairness , my companion loved the film . maybe it's one of those " chick flicks " that men don't like . it is certainly a date film . nearly the entire audience was couples . oh well , maybe it's good for something . 
the above is dialogue from this film , taken almost completely in context , and not jazzed up a bit to make it more inept than it is . it is spoken between two of the protagonists somewhere in the film , and basically serves as a perfect example of what this film is about , especially if you realize that this exchange is meant to be taken seriously . mr . gregg " i'm-having-a-mid-life-crisis " araki , the writer and director of this film , wants to show how important teenagers are , and wants to show how they feel in such a horrible , horrible world . and how does he show it ? by really cheap surrealism , and moronic exchanges like this . oh , and it gets better . a similar bit of dialogue is said in the middle of , oh i dunno , the fiftieth sex scene in this film ( i'm not counting the several masturbation scenes ) . in it , one of the protagonists is humping away on top of another , and he says to her something along the lines of " do you ever wonder what life is all about ? " sorry , man : foreplay takes place before the act of coitus . of course , what do you expect : the film was written and directed by a guy who can't even spell his first name right ( yes , i know it's a cheap joke , but it had to be done ) . " the doom generation " is advertised as a road trip movie about people who go around killing others who attack them , and also as another " teen angst " film ( one of the slogans is " teen is a four-letter word " - hardy har har ) . it's a film about two angsty teens - amy blue ( rose macgowan , who would later play the buxom tatum in " scream " ) and jordon white ( james duval , who would go on to play randy quaid's son in " independence day " ) - who pick up an angsty homicidal maniac , xavier red ( jonathan schaech , who would go on to play the angsty lead guitarist in " that thing you do ! " - and by the way , do you get the symbolism ? red , white , and blue ? huh ? huh ? ) , and go on a road trip where three things happen , in no order : 1 ) they have sex ; 2 ) they run into weird people ; 3 ) they kill them . the film is basically a remix of a bunch of other far superior films . gregg araki obviously has seen such films as " easy rider , " " natural born killers , " and " kalifornia , " and tries to borrow elements from all these films and make something which is like a pop culture reference guide . but what he forgets is these films either represented something that this film does not , or that they dug deep into their subjects and brought something out of them to make them deeper . " the doom generation " doesn't want to do this ; it just wants to show everything in a surreal manner for the sole reason that araki does not want to deal with them on any kind of real level . he wants to show everything in a weird manner , and forgets what the scenes are supposed to be about . here's one scene , an earlier scene in the film : amy and jordan go into a quick-e mart type place to get food and other stuff . amy is smoking , and the clerk , an asian man mind you ( i love how racist this film is , i really do ) , tells her to put it out . she tells him to fuck off or something to that note . he points a shotgun at her , and she puts it out reluctantly . jordan makes two hot dogs , and takes them to the counter . the cash register rings up " 6 . 66 " ( oh , and this symbolism doesn't stop here ) . jordan checks for his wallet but it's really in the car . he asks amy for it , but she left her wallet in the car as well . the clerk brings out his shotgun again and asks for the money . they say they don't have it . he gets ready to kill them , but then xavier , who they ditched in the middle of nowhere a scene before , pops out of nowhere , fights with the clerk , and ends with him blowing the clerk's head clean off ( clean wound , mind you ) . the head is shown flying through the air , and lands in a fryer , where it begins to scream . i don't really object to this kind of sick violence , but this scene is in the film for one reason and one reason only : to gross you out . araki thinks that if he takes everything to the extreme , he'll make some kind of art . wrong . it takes a kind of resistance to make gore art . when george romero made " dawn of the dead , " a very gory flick even for today , he had control over everything and still was able to make everything sick . same goes for peter jackson's disgustingly gory " dead alive , " which features a 30 minute long fest of blood , guts , dismemberments , flesh chewing , and other assorted stuff , all ending with a guy with a lawn mower strapped to his body , taking out all sorts of zombies . it was sick , but it was also satirical , and controled . a scene like this has no purpose in the film , and it sticks out from everything else that happens . here's a couple other scenes : jordan and amy have sex in a bath tub and xavier watches , masturbates , and then licks the semen from his hand ; xavier and amy have sex and jordan watches from the window , masturbates , and falls backwards ; a man attacks the trio , and is stabbed in the crotch by a giant sword ( put there just so this could happen ) ; a fast food employee stalks the trio , and his arm is shot off by xavier ; and various other annoyances . also , look for about a million camoes from a wide assortment of people , who probably didn't really know what they were getting into when they signed up to do it ( just like peter o'toole , helen mirren , malcolm macdowell , and john gielgud probably didn't when they signed to be in " caligula " ) . people such as indie actors parker posey and nicky katt , alternative rock stars skinny puppy and perry farrel , hollywood madam heidi fleiss , christopher " peter brady " mcknight , amanda bearse , and margaret cho all grace the screen for a matter of seconds , then disappear so that we can return to the annoying main plot line . why are they here ? so that we can all point to them and say " hey , look it's ( fill in the blank ) ! wow ! " gimme a break . the film's meaning is pretty easy to detect : that , you know , teens are so precious , and the world is such a horrible place , that when the two entities collide , there's a giant explosion of horrific violence . otherwise defined as " teen angst , " or the belief that being a teenager is a horrible thing and that the world is too bad for you . look , i'm 19 years old . i went through a very brief teen angst thing which curiously lasted about as long as my taste in nirvana did . i've since moved on to " i don't really know what to do with my life " phase , but the teen angst phase is something which is so annoyingly sophomoric and ignorant that any film that thinks they're dealing with it on any kind of serious level is just beating the wrong horse . part of being a teen is experimenting , and testing the waters . it's not whining about how awful parents are , and purposely feeling dispondent . this is what the characters in this film do , and the film wants to show how they're these great people who are being punished by the world because they're teenagers , and how they try to defend themselves but can't totally overcome them . it's not their fault they kill people ; it's the world's ! what they really need is a reality check . the world is a bad place , and teenagers can be easily harmed because they are experimenting . but part of it is taking everything that happens to you and learning from it . the film thinks that teenagers are basically doomed , and there's nothing they can do about it . hence the title . not only does it have bad fallacy , but it can't even express this in an intelligent and coherent manner . everything's overly surreal , and all we get are scenes of graphic violence and graphic sex . how does xavier licking semen off his hand express teen angst ? how does a talking decapitated head show that teens are dispondent because the world makes them this way ? and why does the film constantly go back to the teen angst issue of the film ? if araki had any kind of competence in writing or direction , he'd show them for what they really are . and if he didn't want the satirical approach , he'd show the real problems with the world . and if you still don't think that " the doom generation " is incompetent on every single possible level it could be , take the acting . rose macgowan is horrible . yes , she proved herself talented in " scream , " but she's so bad in " the doom generation " that if i had not seen her in " scream , " i would have christened her one of the worst actresses working in films today . her entire performance is one-note ( bitchy ) , and the one scene where she cries over a dead animal is so forced that it's laughable . equally bad is jonathan schaech , who wants to be the slacker serial killer : someone who doesn't have any remorse because emotions cause some kind of strain . his performance is annoying as hell , and granted , he was better in " that thing you do ! " and then there's james duval . let's just say he makes keanu reeves look like brando . he has the same kind of slacker stuttering , only much much much worse , and every line he says is so bad that i have now deemed him " least talented actor in the world . " i have seen lots of bad actors , but james duval has got to be the worst . or at least somewhere up there . here's another example of a bad scene , if you're still not convinced : the film opens up in a club where they're playing nine inch nail's most banal song , " heresy " ( example of the lines : " god is dead/and no one cares/if there is a hell/i'll see you there " ) , and as the song plays , and red strobe lights show the patrons dancing , the film pans over to amy , just standing there , looking dispondent . the film closes in on her , she looks right at the camera and says " fuck . " no explanation of this should be necessary . and finally , a note to gregg : grow up . really . move out of your parent's basement , read something other than salinger , and get a day job . and don't quit it . 
who knew that in 16 years eddie murphy , who made such a brash , raucous big-screen splash in _48_hrs . _ , would become . . . cuddly . the disconcerting trend begun in this summer's cutesy , largely laugh-free _doctor_dolittle_ continues with this earnest-to-a-fault dramedy . although he is top-billed , here murphy is merely support for jeff goldblum , who plays ricky hayman , the programming director at a home shopping network . sales are way down , and ricky's job hangs by a thread until he meets g ( murphy ) , a mysterious spiritual guru whom a desperate ricky puts on the air . while sales skyrocket and g becomes an overnight sensation , the reinvigorated ricky's greed grows , endangering his budding romance with a goodhearted media research consultant ( kelly preston ) . writer tom schulman has some promising ideas , satirizing home shopping and infomercials and the nature of instant celebrity . but these ideas would have more bite if stephen herek had invested any energy into the direction of the film . the sluggishly paced _holy_man_ is not only slow and overlong ( 113 minutes ) , but an unfunny bore , and murphy can do little to juice up the proceedings ; cleansed of both the attitude _and_ comic sensibility that made him a star ( g is , for the most part , a straight man ) , he is a curiously lifeless presence . goldblum is actually quite good , but it's hard for the audience to sustain much interest in his character and spiritual journey when the director doesn't seem to be much interested , either . 
this feature is like a double header , two sets of clich ? s for the price of one . not only do we get the usual tired sports chestnuts , but the banal rich girl-poor boy love story is tossed in for good measure . an original moment in this loser is as rare as a chicago cubs world series appearance . the screenplay by kevin falls and john gatins , based on a story by falls , merely lobs its plotline at the audience . this is a story that needed sent down for seasoning and more coaching . summer catch centers around ryan dunne ( freddie prinze jr . ) , a cape cod youth chosen to participate in the prestigious cape cod baseball league , supposedly a showcase for the best young amateur and college players in the country . ryan is a blue-collar kind of guy . he works with his dad taking care of the lawns of cape cod's rich and famous . he also , as we are informed early , his own worst enemy . he has the potential and the talent , but always seems to self-destruct at the crucial moment . so , ryan tries to remained focused on baseball . then he meets tenley parrish ( jessica biel ) , daughter of one of the blue bloods whose lawn he manicures . tenley , a name only a hack screenwriter could invent , is unlike her snobbish counterparts and falls for ryan . if you can't figure out where all this nonsense leads , then you need a remedial course in film viewing . as always prinze is pretty to look at , but his performance mainly consists of facial expressions : puppy dog love , heartbreak , frustration , self-loathing or determination . biel cries a lot , while bruce davison merely acts smarmy as her class-conscious father . the only beacon is matthew lillard's fun-loving billy brubaker , the team's catcher . summer catch borrows situations and stylings from other baseball movies , such as bull durham and the natural . no curve balls here , no sliders . every pitch is predictable . a blind umpire could call this movie . summer catch is strictly rookie league moviemaking . it has as much chance of making the movie hall of fame as the dodgers have of moving back to brooklyn . 
director doug ellin's kissing a fool , released earlier this year , is an aptly titled comedy about two plastic couples housed in an artificial story . like a sitcom with jokes so lame that it would be impossible to overlay a laugh track on it , the movie meanders along insulting the viewers' intelligence in almost every frame . the script by james frey and the director is filled with vapid actors who read meaningless lines you've heard before . ( " i'm not wearing any underwear , " the bimbo tells the famous sportscaster , max , in what she assumes will be a sure-fire come-on line . ) max , chicago's biggest playboy , decides to get married after a whirlwind love affair with sam , short for samantha . max and sam possess two irritating personalities , and they hold little chemistry for each other or the audience . max is played without any style by david schwimmer . schwimmer , whose acting talent is playing characters devoid of personality , makes an unlikely lover . his costar , mili avital as sam , is cut from the same cloth , so they can be argued to be a matched pair . after all , people of the same intelligence are naturally drawn to each other , ditto for similar looks , so why shouldn't the personality-challenged be attracted ? the implausible plot has max asking his best friend , jay ( jason lee ) , to hit on sam as a test . jay is supposed to try to get her to sleep with him , but stop short of the actual act . max , being promiscuous by nature , worries that his future bride may have the same need to sleep around as he does . the idea of flirting with the beautiful sam makes jay so sick that he becomes unable to eat or work . neither the script nor the actors make this test believable . " the 64 , 000 question is : how do you know you're with the wrong person so you can avoid wreaking havoc on major parts of your life ? " jay asks in one of the unsuccessful attempts at adding some seriousness to the film . finally , there is the film's attempt at physical comedy . jay's ex-girlfriend natasha ( vanessa angel ) becomes infatuated with jay again once she thinks he is going out with someone else . natasha rips jay's shirt open after pushing him down onto the sofa . as she throws her hair on his bare chest , she demands he pull it . this is supposed to be funny ? most films have some saving grace . some bit part was done especially well or some scene managed to be funny even if the rest of the picture wasn't . kissing a fool , on the other hand , has nothing to recommend it . kissing a fool runs 1 : 45 . it is rated r for profanity and sexuality and would be acceptable for most teenagers . 
it's a shame the execution of this concept falls very short of its premise . the movie is lacking and most unsatisfying . osmosis jones is crude , gross , disgusting , and was directed by the farrelly brothers - the twisted siblings behind there's something about mary , me , myself and irene and a couple of other movies in which the humor is mostly targeted below the belt . not that there's anything wrong with scatology . i bet even cavemen appreciated bathroom humor - such as it was . it's merely that with osmosis jones , the farrellys humor is too juvenile , too predictable . you can almost foresee the puns just by viewing the part of the inner anatomy a sequence is drawn . osmosis jones looks like one of those old health class movies gone psycho . the trouble is , the animation may please the very young , but the jokes may be over their heads , while the teen-age audience may find it too tame for their tastes . adults ? well , let's just say most will find it unappetizing . osmosis jones plays like a 100-minute infomercial for the eat healthy foods lobby . the live action sequences revolve around frank ( bill murray ) , who seems to be the grungiest human being in the universe . he continually looks as if he needs a shave and a shower . frank , much to the consternation of his daughter , is a fast-food addict , eating anything - and everything - that can kill you . he works at a zoo where the animals look cleaner - and presumably smell better - than he does . frank's body is invaded by thrax , a lethal virus , after frank eats a hard-boiled egg that had fallen to the ground . it's not gross enough that frank picks the egg up from the dirt and plops it into his mouth . nope , the farrellys pile it on by first having frank wrestle a chimp for the egg , wresting it from the primate's mouth . like i said , the gross meter tips the scales on this one . after ingesting the egg , the movie begins its animated sequences . here , osmosis jones ( voiced by chris rock ) , a renegade white blood cell is teamed with drix ( voiced by frasier's david hyde pierce ) , a 12-hour , painkiller cold capsule to battle thrax ( smoothly voiced by laurence fishburne ) . basically , what we have is a cliched cop-buddy movie , rife with all the clich ? s of that genre . and this is why osmosis jones doesn't click . it merely falls back on tired , familiar conventions instead of creating new and exciting situations . the jokes and puns are lame : osmosis searches out a snitch , a former flu virus . after pumping him for information , drix tells osmosis , " funny , he doesn't look fluish . " and the jokes don't rise above that level . the live action scenes are no better . frank is such a slob , so unappealing that it is difficult to fathom how he ever married or even sired a child . he's almost a bigger cartoon than the animated characters . osmosis jones is a movie that may be too violent for young children as thrax burns and dissolves blood cells right and left . the animation is rather two-dimensional and flat . it lacks scope and depth . it is an unappealing movie that will leave you scratching your head , and maybe leaning toward a shower after you walk out of the theater . 
the year is barely a week old , and there is already a candidate for the worst of 1997--the relic , a would-be chiller that's more successful at making the audience laugh than scream . in this ridiculous film from uberhack peter hyams ( whose last two pictures were dreadful jean-claude van damme vehicles ) , a creature that feeds on the hypothalamuses ( hypothalamii ? ) of humans and animals goes on a killing spree in a chicago museum . how did this creature come into existence , and why does it feed on hormones ? the " scientific " explanation cooked up by the four--yes , four--credited screenwriters ( amy holden jones , john raffo , rick jaffa , and amanda silver ) takes " suspension of disbelief " to new heights , even by monster movie standards . but as cockamamie as the science is in the film , it isn't quite as hard to swallow as the casting of the clueless penelope ann miller as a brilliant molecular biologist who specializes in evolutionary genetics . miller acts as if she wants an oscar nomination , turning every scene that requires the slightest display of emotion into an overblown oscar clip , complete with piercing wails and glycerine tears . give it up , penelope--it's a _monster_movie_ . on the flip side , tom sizemore just phones in his performance as a police lieutenant , but his role is so thankless that it's hard to imagine it being played any more effectively . it's quite funny to see a film indulge , with the straightest of faces , in all those cheesy horror movie cliches that wes craven lampooned so well ( and so recently ) in scream . for example , in one early scene , a museum security guard goes into a bathroom stall late at night . ok , we all know what's coming , but as if we didn't need any more confirmation , he pulls out a joint and starts puffing away . everyone knows what happens to people who do drugs in a scary movie . and later , miller frantically runs out of a museum exhibit after she hears some suspicious heavy breathing . does she make a beeline for the front door ? of course not--she runs into the ladies room and cowers in a stall . with all the cliches , it is only fitting the film's climax offers what is perhaps the most overused one in recent film : that of someone outrunning a fireball . if the relic is truly " the next evolution in terror " as the poster states , then the horror film--and humanity--is in even worse shape than we thought . 
movie concepts are often pitched to producers with mathematical formulas involving successful films of the past . so , undoubtedly one day someone said , " 'evolution ? ' it's 'ghostbusters' plus 'men in black' plus 'tremors . ' " and so it is . sum total none . the alienbusting begins when a meteor lands in glen canyon , arizona . community college science profs ira kane ( david duchovny ) and harry block ( orlando jones ) take some samples from the meteor and discover that one-celled organisms from inside it are evolving rapidly , doing in hours what took millions of years for life on earth . just about the time i was wondering , " hey , doesn't the government usually come in and take over the whole area in these movies , " the government came in and took over the whole area . the leader of the pack , gen . woodman ( ted levine ) , turns out to be an old nemesis of ira's , and ira and harry are blocked from doing further research . meanwhile , the organisms continue to grow until they are large enough to start attacking people . by this time , ira and harry have gained a friend in dr . allison reed ( julianne moore ) of the center for disease control . a country club poolboy , wayne green ( seann william scott ) , has also attached himself to the merry band . but can they find the means to stop the aliens in time ? director ivan reitman seems to be revisiting his biggest hit , 1984's " ghostbusters , " but " evolution " falls miserably short . one reason is readily apparent . " ghostbusters " had three really funny guys as its scientists ( bill murray , dan aykroyd , and harold ramis ) , but " evolution " has one really funny guy ( orlando jones ) who can adlib and milk the comic potential of lines that prove useless in anyone else's hands . for good measure , " ghostbusters " had the comic talents of rick moranis ; " evolution " offers seann william scott , who was much funnier in " american pie " and " road trip " than he is here . scott has one amusing scene where he sings " you are so beautiful to me " to a dragon-like alien to draw it into a trap . other than that , scott seems unable to make much of the thin material the writers gave him . an actor in search of a forte , david duchovny looked for his gritty action hero side in " playing god " and his romantic side in " return to me . " now he wants to find his wacky comedic talent ; what we all find is that he doesn't have any . look for him to be back on tv in five years or so . another sad case is julianne moore , who needs to be more selective about the offers she accepts . she's a talented actress with an impressive list of credits and award nominations , so why is she trying to do slapstick comedy ? her character has a tendency to trip over and bump into things , but the trait comes off as a pathetic plea for laughs . the sole saving grace of the film is jones . he's at the center of the movie's funniest scene -- where an alien bug invades harry's body and has to be pulled out through his ass . jones is the only cast member who can take the comedic ball and run with it , but he can't carry the whole movie by himself . he found himself in a similar situation in " the replacements , " where he was also the only comic talent in an ensemble cast . jones will eventually find the project that will make him a major comedy star , but this isn't it . 
my friend here in film school just made a two minute-long film for one of his classes that includes a staged anal rape scene , done by two guys and shot on the shadow of the incident , with a banana being used as the instrument of penetration . as sick as this all is , watching it is one of the most admittingly hysterical moments i've ever witnessed . sure , it may be in bad taste , but what the hell is bad taste other than something that may be offensive to some but is riotously amusing to the rest ? then there's " caligula . " this film features incest , necrophilia , beastuality , anal rape , homosexual felatio of both sexes , elaborate and lengthy orgies , a greased-up fist forced up a man's rear , wine poured down a man who's had his urinary tracts tied off , a penis chopped off and fed to hungry dogs , etc , etc , etc . this could very well be a respectable film , and if could have been had the following not occurred : a ) the events were graphically shot in clear view ; b ) the tone was not that of trying to shock comically but to , well , show " historical accuracy ; " c ) the film was a 20 million dollar production with lavish sets , a rather impressive cast , and a whopping 2 1/2 hour running time . produced and funded by none other than bob guccione , owner of penthouse magazine , " caligula " comes across as the most hysterical dramatic picture since " plan 9 from outer space " because underneath there's a sense that everything this film is doing is not only accurate and justified , but also brilliantly entertaining . after all , it's not really the fact that this film features the aforementioned disgusting moments , but that it actually believes in them as dramatic weaponry . no film should be discarded because its content , because film is never about what it's about , it's about how it's about ( as the old cliche goes ) . those who bash this film for content are glancing over the biggest and most obvious problem with " caligula , " and that's that it's nothing but overdramaticized bullshit from start to finish , without a second of credibility in its mammoth running time . " caligula " allegedly tells the true story of the evil roman emporer of the same name , a man who was so insanely decadent that his assasination came as a blessing . . . or so i guess , even though almost every single roman emporer was assasinated as well and for much the same reasons . the film opens on the wrong note , of course , with a quote from mark appearing before any image graces the screen , using the over-used passage " what shall it profit a man if he should gain the whole world an dlose his own soul , " depite the fact that the opening scene of the film is of the emporer before he was an emporer , fucking around with his own sister in a field ( i suppose if one has to lose their soul , one has to have a soul in the first place ) . the plot is so incomprehensibly done that all i or anyone else can make out of it is that caligula ( disastrously played by the great malcom mcdowell , a performance that does the opposite that his performance in " a clockwork orange " did ) is next in line for the throne but can't wait for the current emporer , tiberius ( peter o' toole - ditto , only for his performance in " lawrence of arabia " ) , his grandfather , to die . . . so he kills him and ascends to the throne . then he abuses his position , marries a woman ( helen mirren , who retains her dignity as an actor by not exactly acting ) so he doesn't just have to sleep with his sister ( a dreadful teresa ann savoy , there to be pretty , naked , and willing to hop in the sack with mac or anyone he asks her to hop in with ) , abuses his position a little more , a little more , and a little more , and then , i believe , invades england , then is killed off . the filler , instead of recounting his life , is supposed to be , as guccione claims , the ultimate portrait of decadent pagan rome , complete with orgies , vicious deaths , and lots of nudity . but instead of being the historical accurate film it really really wants to be , it instead becomes guccione's twisted masturbatory image of what it could be like . oh , isn't it great that they just loved having sex ? and that they killed people so disgustingly ? and wouldn't it be great if i could make a couple bucks by selling this shit off as accuracy even though it's so blatantly real bad porn that i've completely convinced myself that it's not . i mean , why not just show a roman orgy when i can spend a good ten minutes examining every single facet that makes it up . and it's not just that it's disgusting or vile or whatever adjective you want to use to describe this film - it's that in a film where the entire feel it's going for isn't felt , it's also the sloppiest expensive movie of all time . the sets are lavish , but so blatantly innacurate that i wonder if no historian wanting to have his name on this film explains this . but that doesn't matter since the cinematography is so dark that you wonder if a light meter was used at all , making this not only dark and ugly , but just plain dark . the camera operation is also the worst i've ever seen in my entire life . not only does this film hold the record for the most unnecessary zooms in one single shot ever , but often the camera will lose its subjects and pan around till they find them , then have them out of focus . the editing is so sloppy that some scenes are absolutely impossible to follow . there is no writer to speak of ( what the hell does it mean that it's " adapted from an original screenplay by gore vidal ? " ) , but nevertheless , the dialogue is shit , so laughably bad that i can't in good faith believe that anyone with an iq over 5 could say them with a straight face ( my favorite being the line when caligula inquires the doctor about the health of the dying tiberius : " he could go at any moment , but with care , he could last a year or so . " ) the music in this film is mostly prokofiev and khachaturian ( they use his gorgeous " adagio of spartacus and phrygia , " ad nauseum ) , used in an attempt to give the film some emotion , but instead feels as if it was shipped in from elsewhere . the orgy scenes ( and one infamous lesbo scene between penthouse pets lori wagner and aneeka dilorenzo ) are the result of reshoots by guccione himself , which are so obviously removed from everything else in this film that it only adds to the embrassment ( every five seconds or so , the film cuts to random nudity , as if it was afraid its audience would forget this film is rated " x " ) . john gielgud represents the only voice of sanity , walking around in his brief role as if he was constantly the mantra , " i'm going to kill my agent , i'm going to kill my agent . . . " and so on and so on , for over 2 1/2 hours , making " caligula " about as exciting and enriching as a three hour college lecture class and twice as deliriously annoying . guccione , in his pursuit of historical accuracy has instead made a film that is such a painstaking , arduous task to watch in its entirety that i doubt anyone can sit through an hour of it without irreversible psychological damage . throughout the entire film , the presence of guccione is easily felt , as if he were standing there at the edge of the screen , pretentiously looking down upon us saying " look what i can get away with ! and if you don't like this , then you're a prig , and worse than that , you know nothing about history ! " uh huh . there's a clear difference between historical accuracy and doing something that's artistically good . a film which showed roman decadence as something that was perhaps liberating for some but could not last - that would probably make for a good film . but using historical accuracy as a licence to get away with any kind of disgusting-for-disgustingness'-sake acts is total , total bullshit , and all i can say is that guccione and the makers of this film have lost any kind of touch with either entertainment or eroticism , and have developed a pathetic and sadistic taste for both , judging from this film . there's a film that came out in 1989 called " the cook , the thief , his wife , and her lover , " a magnifcent film by legendary cult director peter greenaway ( also starring helen mirren ) , which deals with graphic sex , heartstopping violence and gore , and even a little cannibalism for good measure . that film not only never patronized its viewers , but also handled them in a way that was shocking , yes , but also , in a bizarre way , entertaining and totally involving . there were real characters there in a real situation , and best of all passion and just the right amount of restraint as not to get off on the fact that it's going to be offensive to many . that film achieved everything it wanted to do , and has since retained a status as one of those cult films that is not only popular but actualy good . and it's everything " caligula " might have been but , alas , wasn't . 
a couple of criminals ( mario van peebles and loretta devine ) move into a rich family's house in hopes of conning them out of their jewels . however , someone else steals the jewels before they are able to get to them . writer mario van peebles delivers a clever script with several unexpected plot twists , but director mario van peebles undermines his own high points with haphazard camera work , editing and pacing . it felt as though the film should have been wrapping up at the hour mark , but alas there was still 35 more minutes to go . daniel baldwin ( i can't believe i'm about to type this ) gives the best performance in the film , outshining the other talented members of the cast . [r] 
the ads make " hanging up " seem like an upbeat comedy about a rascally father and his three daughters . anyone who went to the movie expecting that left disappointed . all of the movie's funny scenes were included in the ad . so what do we get ? eve marks ( meg ryan ) just put her father lou mozell ( walter matthau ) into a hospital . once upon a time , lou was a hollywood screenwriter who collaborated with his now-estranged wife . his one great moment in life was writing a film for john wayne , who gave him a giant bullet-shaped trophy . now lou is senile and deteriorating rapidly . eve tries to convince her sisters georgia ( diane keaton ) and maddy ( lisa kudrow ) that their father is dying and needs them . both are slow to show concern . so devoted eve stands vigil over her father , who constantly asks for his favorite daughter georgia , while running her own business ( planning special events ) and caring for her son ( jesse james ) . ( some comic relief comes when maddy also drops off her ailing st . bernard for eve to care for . ) the tension builds until all three sisters are finally in one room at one of eve's events where georgia is the keynote speaker . there's a superficial resemblance to shakespeare's " king lear " ( senile king with three daughters : one devoted saint and two selfish bitches ) , but the material is apparently drawn from life . sister screenwriters delia and nora ephron had parents who were a successful hollywood writing team . henry and phoebe ephron collaborated on 17 screenplays , including " desk set " and " there's no business like show business . " ( delia's novel , the basis for the film , is dedicated to henry ) . surprisingly , the script is as thin as an anorexic's wet dream . the virtue of a semi-autobiographical project would seem to be the wealth of material available . yet , the ephrons provide only the barest minimum of information about their characters . also , the spaces they inhabit seem artificial . eve lives in a house that looks like a magazine layout ; no matter how put-upon she is , we can't feel sorry for anyone whose house is so pristine on any given day . georgia is a famous magazine editor , and in her brief scenes while she chats on a cell phone with eve seem like the photo spread for a profile . when we first meet maddy , she's fishing at a picturesque mountain stream . i expected to see the credit " cinematography by 'vanity fair . ' " and , yes , diane keaton is literally old enough to be lisa kudrow's mother . to her credit , though , she looks young enough to pull it off . the one redeeming aspect of " hanging up " is that , at its core , is a truth about siblings . there's always one on which everyone else in the family relies , freeing the others to be selfish and emotionally distant . my wife is the reliable child in her family ; for better or worse , my brother has the role in mine . ( being selfish and emotionally distant may not be fulfilling , but it is a lot less work ) . if you have nothing better to do than watch this movie , look for a powerful cameo by cloris leachman as the sisters' mother pat . in a devastating scene , eve discovers that her mother doesn't love her . although leachman is best known for comedies like " young frankenstein " and " the mary tyler moore show , " her performance here reminded me of the considerable dramatic talent she displayed in " the last picture show . " bottom line : everyone involved has lived in hollywood so long they don't recognize real life anymore . 
synopsis : al simmons , top-notch assasin with a guilty conscience , dies in a fiery explosion and goes to hell . making a pact with malebolgia , a chief demon there , simmons returns to earth 5 years later reborn as spawn , a general in hell's army donning a necroplasmic costume replete with knives , chains , and a morphing cape . sullen , wise cogliostro and flatulating , wisecracking violator vy for spawn's attention . comments : when todd mcfarlane left marvel comics ( where he had made a name for himself as a first-rate comic book penciller on the " spider-man " titles ) to join the newly-formed , creator-owned image comics , a new comic book legend was born : spawn . mcfarlane's " spawn " immediately became a commercial and critical success and a defining comic book series of the 1990s . mcfarlane created a hero who was not only original but visually intricate , allowing mcfarlane to utilize his knack for artistic detail to the max . the early " spawn " issues brilliantly capture mcfarlane's genius at illustration and show his early attempts at writing . with the popularity of " spawn " and the success of the current warner bros . 's batman film franchise , a movie version of some sort seemed inevitable for spawn . in the summer of 1997 , hence , new line cinema released spawn , a live-action film based on the groundbreaking series . this topheavy exercise in violence and special effects unfortunately topples quickly and leaves fans of the comic book , like me , numbed by how much spawn misses the mark . what happened ? why is spawn so bad ? todd mcfarlane himself executive produced this disappointing misfire and even appears in a cameo . i don't think , however , that his presence necessarily hurt ( or helped ) the film . i place the blame , in part , on the recent hollywood trend , fueled by public demand apparently , for special effects blow-out movies utilizing the latest computer technology . these films focus upon the effects at the expense of everything else : character , plot , dialogue , etc . spawn , reflecting this trend , shows the audience one gratuitous scene after another populated with morphing characters and filled with unnecessary pyrotechnics . hardly a minute goes by in this film without fires , explosions , knives and chains appearing out of nowhere , glowing eyes , or constantly transforming demons . a lot of it is visually interesting and technically solid , don't get me wrong , but , because the script and cast aren't engaging , spawn ultimately comes across like overwrought wallpaper ( the surface may capture the eye , but nothing exists underneath ) . spawn's translation of the comic book suffers the most at the storyline level . mcfarlane's spawn was a tortured hero . a mercenary by trade , al simmons was nonetheless a warm man in love with the beautiful wanda . having died and journeyed to hell , he made a pact to return to earth to be with wanda . simmons , however , discovers that his memories are fragmented , his body a creepy mess , and his wife married . despite his sometimes violent nature , readers couldn't help but feel sympathetic toward his plight as the spawn of the underworld . spawn attempts to show all of this but does not spend nearly the time it should to do so . when the characters are developed , they seem absurd rather than touching . the cartoonish dialogue and implausible subplot ( a general possesses the antidote to a supervirus called heat-16 which he wishes to unleash to enslave the world ) do not help matters . spawn , in an apparent attempt to duplicate the success of batman , also unwisely spends too much time on a villain , the violator ( batman favored the joker over batman ) . john leguizamo , like jack nicholson in batman , receives top billing in the cast as the violator ; michael jai white ( al simmons / spawn ) is second . i ordinarily find leguizamo an intensely annoying presence in films which seems to make him a perfect candidate for the violator . the film , however , spends so much time on the violator's offensive antics that they grate on the nerves . apparently meant to be the comic relief in the film ( as nicholson was in batman ) , especially when contrasted with the sullen spawn , the violator's lines are oftentimes grotesque and unfunny , leaving the audience wishing he would leave . leguizamo does a satisfactory job in the role , but he is seen far too often in the film . michael jai white , a relative newcomer to theatrical releases , seems to be an appealing actor , and he handles his role adequately , but we see little of him without various masks on . more time needed to be spent on white's character before he became spawn for the movie to pull at the heartstrings . a special note should be made about martin sheen as the over-the-top , obnoxious , evil general wynn . easily the hammiest performance in the movie , it's hard to imagine how sheen mucked up his role so much ; after all , he played a vietnam assasin brilliantly in the great apocalypse now . sheen's excessive demeanor do not help the audience accept him as a mastermind villain and comes as a surprise considering his extensive career in film . many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to drag spawn down . mtv-style , jerky , in-your-face editing is one of them . flames , for example , roll across the screen sometimes to announce a shift in setting . cogliostro , unlikely wannabe guide for spawn , serves as a poor narrator for the film . he goofily tells the audience , at one point , that " how much of [spawn's] humanity is left remains to be seen , " as if the audience really cares as one violent sequence leads to another . the music , finally , assaults the audience as much as the manic violence and offensive dialogue . loud and obnoxious hard rock fused with drum loops dominate some scenes . to be fair , however , marilyn manson's " long hard road out of hell " effectively compliments spawn's return to earth , while filter and the crystal method's " ( can't you ) trip like i do " proves a surprisingly fitting theme song . for as good a comic book as it is , " spawn " did not spawn a good movie . spawn , instead , suffers from too much pomp and circumstance , and too little plot and character development . it receives two stars for its technically well-done special effects . many other films , though , have equal , if not superior , special effects and are much better . rated pg-13 , spawn seems more violent than many r-rated movies and probably wouldn't be appropriate for the very young . 
" knock off " is exactly that : a cheap knock off of an action movie . it's also the worst movie i have seen thus far this year . i figured it would be at least a couple of months before i saw the worst film of 1998 , but alas , it has already been found . jean-claude van damme stars as ( i think ) a designer jeans executive who discovers his half-brother has been supplying him with cheaper goods . rob schneider plays van damme's partner , and rochon plays . . . actually , i have no idea who rochon was supposed to be . she just sort of popped up halfway through without an explanation as to why she was there . many things are not explained in this film , but i do know that for some bizarre reason , van damme seemed to be doing a jackie chan impression throughout the flick . where chan comes off as endearing in his " normal guy " character seen in many of his films , van damme just comes off as a wimp . we're never given any clear explanation as to the basis for many of his actions . to be more clear : i did not even know who he was supposed to be until about an hour into the movie , and even then , it was not made too clear . the film has been directed in the style of some strange film experiment gone horribly wrong . tsui hark ( who directed van damme's last movie , the bad , but not nearly as bad as this , " double team " ) never lets the camera rest for a second , and that's no exaggeration . we are even treated to a five second shot from the point of view of van damme's foot entering a shoe . fabulous ! seriously , though , i have no problem with directors who want to play around with film conventions , as long as they don't get carried away . for example , look at sam raimi . " army of darkness " , one of his best movies , features some of the most inventive camera work i have ever seen , but raimi never lets the special effects get in the way of story . that's a concept that tsui can't seem to grasp . the special effects and outrageous camera angles * rule * " knock off " to the point where the audience doesn't have a clue as to what's happening any more . another problem with the film is that it looks cheap . the film stock used is of such low caliber that i thought i was watching one of those chinese films shown really late at night . and for some inexplicable reason , everyone's voice seems to have been dubbed . even the stars . and even the special effects , seemingly the only aspect of the film the director actually cared about , are inconsistent . for example , there is a scene in which van damme drives a car out of a window . the car slams into the ground , and the left wheel is completely destroyed . seconds later , the car drives off at full speed . hey , i have no problem suspending my disbelief in an action movie , but a line must be drawn somewhere . finally , the acting . nobody gives a good performance in this film . van damme , an actor i usually like , is way off the mark playing " everyman " . and schneider , here to provide comic relief i assume , is totally unfunny and over acts his way through every scene . even the usually solid paul sorvino gives a terribly over-the-top performance as . . . once again , i have no idea who he was supposed to be . in case i haven't yet made it clear enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade . and it's not even one of those movies that's so bad it's funny . it's too inept to be funny . there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased . 
for timing reasons having to do with baby sitters , we recently went to a multiplex and saw undercover blues . i would give it one half of a star for guts . anyone in a movie this bad would have to have guts . i later read a ny times review that said kathleen turner and dennis quaid had gotten so plump they looked like they had the mumps in the show . the script was the worst part . they had characters who talked with funny accents in an attempt to make you laugh . they had lots of " great " sight gags like two people trying to go in a door together and therefore bumping shoulders against the door . turner and quaid both kept smiling like some idiots on a game show . the good news is that we were smart enough to vote with our feet and left . buy some tickets and give them to your worst enemies . tell them the show is great and smile a lot . * * * * = one of the top few films of this or any year . a must see film . * * * = excellent show . look for it . * * = average movie . kind of enjoyable . * = poor show . don't waste your money . 0 = one of the worst films of this or any year . totally unbearable . review written on : september 29 , 1993 opinions expressed are mine and not meant to reflect my employer's . 
when a pair of films from the same director gets released just three weeks apart , it could mean one of two things : that the recently overworked individual is due for a well-deserved rest , or that either of these movies has been sitting in a studio safe for a while and the timing is merely a coincidence . the latter's the case with john mctiernan and " the thirteenth warrior , " which finally hits theatres a year and counting after its original spring '98 opening - and fast on the heels of mctiernan's " the thomas crown affair " remake , a flick that got good reviews . you don't have to believe superstitions to wager a guess that " thirteenth " won't be so lucky . reportedly shelved following skirmishes between mctiernan and producer michael crichton , whose " eaters of the dead " novel provides " warrior " 's source ( and its initial title ) , this messy melange of culture-clash drama and brutal warfare feels empty and sluggish - sorta like " braveheart " without any of the passion . but the bloodshed certainly remains : there's enough carnage on display here to satisfy those in search of purely visceral thrills , though please note that the admittedly pungent battle sequences containing all this death and dismemberment alternate with talky passages interminable in their dullness . these circa-10th century clashes involve a roving band of cannibalistic creatures capable of decapitating opponents with their bare hands and a dozen norse soldiers out to stop them from terrorizing the viking countryside . the good guys are loud , crude , often unintelligible and - judging from their highly icky hygiene habits -- pretty smelly to boot , which makes them perfect foils for the dignified arab ambassador ( antonio banderas ) who tags along quite reluctantly . they're also so hard to tell apart that it hardly matters when a few of them meet violent demises . you'll wince , you'll groan , you'll grouse , " haven't we seen this guy killed twice before ? " banderas stands confused amidst the chaos , partaking mostly from a distance as savages in darth maul facepaint and draped in the latest animal-skin fashion run amok . he's not the hero - his soulful eyes and lean build don't exactly herald a champion of shwarzenegger proportions - and " the thirteenth warrior " wisely doesn't pretend he is , allowing his foreign and physically imposing co-stars to step into the spotlight when the going gets rough . let the characters interaction sans swords and shields , however , and there's still a struggle - for the audience to follow or even care about the story . it isn't the end until audiences have witnessed a half-baked romance , murky political intrigue , veteran actor omar sharif ( " funny girl " ) dropping by in a cameo role and a climactic " indiana jones and the temple of doom " -esque chase through the villains' underground lair . all this clutter receives stunning visual treatment courtesy of cinematographer peter menzies jr . , but the collaboration between " die hard " -helmer mctiernan and " jurrasic park " -creator crichton should have yielded more than sumptuous sights , graphic action and unintentionally telling moments . heard during " the thirteenth warrior " 's final scene : a dog whimpering . how appropriate . 
plunkett & macleane marks the directing debut of jake scott , brother of ridley and tony . naturally , this got me worried . would jake's talent be inherited from ridley or tony ? if it was from ridley , than the movie would be a thoughtful suspensor with action thrown in . if it was from tony , it would be wham bang drivel . unfortunately , the latter is true for this worthless picture with little charm . carlyle and miller are the titular highwaymen , plunkett ( carlyle ) who is poor and unruly , and captain james macleane ( miller ) a clean cut gentleman . as the tagline clearly wants to make known , they rob the rich and nothing else . the film basically follows the rowdy hold ups the two stage , along with romantic interludes with lady rebecca ( tyler . ) hot on both their tails is mr chance ( ken stott ) who wants to see them both dead . plunkett & macleane is an annoying little film that serves little purpose . although undoubtedly slick and fast paced , there's very little merit contained in the film . carlyle and miller are fun enough as the foul mouthed pair , although their characters are criminally undeveloped . it appears that much of the money has been spent on the expensive looking sets and costumes , but not on the script . the five ( ! ) screenwriters ( three credited ) have produced an still born movie : there's very little development in the story . also , major events , such as mr . cash finding out who plunkett and macleane really are , are so rushed that they barely happened . the story is a bit of a mess , frankly . the performances aren't bad : carlyle and miller are typical lads , but liv tyler is a huge disappointment as the love interest . her irritable , stilted performance sticks out like a sore thumb , and i was quite unsure on what accent she was trying to put on . she looks nice , though . more interesting is alan cummings as the campy lord rochester , and although his character amounts to nothing more than a two dimensional comedy gay character , he hams it up well . ken stott is suitably evil as chance , but again he is nothing but a flat character . i didn't particularly care when the predictable death sequence arrived . although a disappointment in writing , and a minor success in acting , the film certainly look lavish , with good costumes , and wonderful sets . but production design alone can't save a movie , especially a movie as bad as this mess . jake scott would be more suited to directing a music video rather than this failed update of a period drama : the only update seems to be the fact that everyone must talk dirty , with 'f * ck this' and 'stand and f * cking deliver' splattered all over the place . the mtv editing and direction are flash enough , but in the end decidedly empty . plunkett & macleane is a massive disappointment . although somewhat enjoyable during parts , it's so light it could float off the screen if it wasn't just images on a reel . there's no thought , no development , no plot , just a series of manic edits and quirky camera angles to make this film appeal to gen-xers . although it's a great idea : update a period drama to the mtv generation : it's execution is awful , and would more likely bore than excite . sloppy and occasionally off puttingly tasteless , it's hard to recommend plunkett & macleane as a movie , but easy to recommend it as a overlong music video . give it a miss . 
as any reasonable human being would , i must admit that occasionally i am befuddled by certain things . i am befuddled by fight club . now sometimes our favorite films are panned by critics and do not achieve critical success until much later , sometimes as much as ten or twenty years later . perhaps it is because these films are way ahead of their time . perhaps it is because they are so new and complex that only after years of allowing them to sink in do we truly appreciate and understand them . fight club is either garbage or brilliant , but , at least right now , i must lean toward the former . maybe i am subconsciously affected by word of mouth that has been slowly leaking throughout the media for weeks that this film is pure gold . but if it is , i sure don ? t see it . edward norton plays jack , a field examiner for a major automobile manufacturer . his insomnia , coupled with his compulsive desires to fill his world with ikea furniture to ? complete ? himself , make him a loser at the game of life . but when all of his worldly possessions are blown out his 15th story window , he seeks comfort in a stranger , tyler ( pitt ) whom he met on a flight home . once jack is sucked into tyler ? s world , he can ? t get out , literally . they begin fight club , an organization based on brutal and bloody fistfights that signify nothing other than to provide those that join a sense of belonging . as the fight club grows , things get out of control and take on cult status , beginning with one future soldier who proves his worth by standing still outside tyler ? s house for three days . i dare not even begin to bring up the last quarter of the film , since that contains the twist that ? explains ? the pointless journey . suffice it to say i was truly disappointed in fincher , who ? s previous two films , se7en and the game put him in a very slim category of truly brilliant young filmmakers of the next generation . this is not to imply by any means that he is no longer a genius or capable of bringing more masterpieces to the table . but with fight club , he has allowed his unique talent for extraordinary vision to be distorted by silly digital experiments and self-referencing film elements , such as talking to the audience about what they are seeing , telling them that the little blips in the right hand corner are signifiers that the projectionist is changing reels and that a slightly altered recurring line is good ? flashback humor ? . now , throughout the film ? s coarsely woven texture and over-extended plot lines , fight club is obviously trying to make various social comments about the state of the world today . advertisements , inter-office politics , corporations , you name it , it ? s addressed . ( though the media are suspiciously absent from the institutions that are referenced . ) all of them play an important role . how so ? well , i can kinda just tell . i can ? t really put my finger on it . to say that starbucks and barnes & noble are taking over their respective markets and kicking out the small business owner is no big news . is that bad for the world ? probably . not much room for social commentary there . we all know that inter-office politics are just that . . . politics . so what was the point of all this ? the film seems desperate to make a point , or a number of points , but i couldn ? t figure out what they were . all i saw was a very bizarre social satire that was woven with strange film techniques , a bleak visual design and some fine acting . ( pitt , carter , norton . . . all of them are good . even meatloaf is good . ) when you get to the end , you will most likely be filled with questions , many of which the filmmakers wanted you to ask of yourself . not them , because each of them would likely give you a different answer . fight club means what you want it to mean , i think fincher just gives you the stuff to think about . but it couldn ? t be more bizarre and unappealing . sure , it had shock value , but so did se7en and the game , and they were significantly stronger films . 
in the finale of disney's " mighty joe young , " a 15-foot tall , 2000-pound gorilla holds a frightened young boy in its clutches as it topples from a crippled ferris wheel and plummets to the ground . upon impact , rugged everyman and perennial do-gooder bill paxton rushes in , containing the emotional crowd with an earnest " move along now folks , there's nothing to see here . " ok , so those aren't exactly the words he uses , but it's probably one of the few clich ? s not uttered in this unnecessary remake of an unnecessary remake of that mother of all monster movies , " king kong . " 1949's " mighty joe young " was an update of that classic creature feature , also based on merian c . cooper's original story ( 16 years after " 'kong " it appeared the world was ready for a new take on the beauty and the beast fable ) . now some 49 years later , at least according to disney's way of thinking , the world is ready for one more . not so . the only--and i mean only--reason to see the 1998 version is for the special effects . and these , unfortunately , run hot and cold . today's joe young is designed and produced by special-effects whiz rick baker , who has been wowing audiences with his state-of-the-art make-up effects since 1971's " schlock " ( which , incidentally , featured a baker-enhanced " gorilla " ) . joe is a combination of animatronic effects , computer graphics , and that old standard , a man in a monkey suit . while there are occasional flashes of brilliance--baker's had a lot of practice with simian effects , after all , including " gorillas in the mist , " " greystoke : the legend of tarzan , lord of the apes , " and the 1976 remake of " king kong " --there's also some surprising cheesiness . one of the film's most embarrassing moments is when paxton's band of african trackers first encounter and pursue the larger-than-life primate ( in a scene unashamedly ripped off from " the lost world : jurassic park " ) . paxton jubilantly extols the beast's majestic gait at the same exact moment as joe , and the computer effects driving him , stutter to a halt . also , if the film's producers had wanted us to focus our attentions on the titular ape they shouldn't have paraded female lead charlize theron ( " trial & error " ) around in a seemingly-endless wardrobe of spaghetti-strapped tops . even joe seems distracted at times . the film piles on the clich ? s like there's no tomorrow , including the predictable plot ( anthro-zoologists ship gigantic gorilla to l . a . where urban havoc is inevitably wrought ) , predictable villain ( a lithuanian i think i overheard someplace ) , predictable love story ( bill and charlize--surprise ! ) , and predictable denouement ( " 'twas box-office receipts that killed the beast " ) . kids raised on " men in black " ( non-monkey effects also by baker ) are going to find ron ( " tremors " ) underwood's outing a little lame by comparison . while certainly better than 1978's " king kong lives " ( itself a lousy sequel to a not particularly good remake ) , " mighty joe young " proves how the mighty keep falling . 
set in harlem during the great depression , rival gangster " families " go to war over control of " the numbers " , an illegal gambling lottery . " runners " take bets from potential lottery winners and deliver them to private locations for drawings . the undisputed leader of the harlem numbers is the madame queen ( cicely tyson ) who is challenged by dutch schulz ( tim roth ) , a ruthless hoodlum . by turning against the queen , dutch defies his partner , the infamous lucky luciano ( andy garcia ) , who wishes to respect the queen and keep the peace . the queens' army strengthens when an acquaintance , ellsworth " bumpy " johnson ( lawrence fishburne ) is released from prison and becomes a bodyguard for her . he proves himself worthy in short time as he thwarts an assassination attempt ( on himself and the queen ) , and later takes control of the queens army when she is jailed for tax evasion . bumpy's reign is not as restrained and subdued as the queen and he declares all out war on dutch . bloody gang warfare ensues . bumpy faces many obstacles during his reign . his new army questions his methods . his girlfriend ( vanessa l . williams ) and the queen disagree with his violent solutions . most importantly ( in his eyes ) , dutch has become a more formidable foe than he imagined , and seeks help from lucky luciano to assassinate him . there have been so many movies dealing with organized crime that it must be hard to write an original story dealing with it . this movie is not original at all . in fact , i was angered by how many similarities there was between this film and , arguably , the best gangster movie of all time , the godfather . if you are going to borrow ideas from another movie and not give credit , why not borrow from a lesser known movie ( say , millers crossing ? ) . how could the credited screenwriter chris brancato not give credit to mario puzo himself ? here are just some of the major similarities ( i stopped counting at 10 ) . crooked cop assaults blood relative of the leader . gang extracts revenge on crooked cop . wife ( or girlfriend ) questions her partners' murderous activities and leaves him . high ranking " officer " betrays the leader . blood relative of the leader murdered . war erupting between the " families " . high-ranking officer disapproves of the leader in front of other family members . new leader runs family differently from previous leader . large meeting with all families involved . the setup in this movie is done rather well . i enjoyed the portrayal of the network of " runners " sprinting through the streets collecting bets for the queens lottery . this was the way of life in harlem , and most people involved with the queen did so because it was the only way to support their families and put food on the table . number running was the only way for the harlem population to find work . i also enjoyed the interaction between the angry , violent dutch and the calm , patient lucky . after about the 30-40 minute mark all of the similarities with the godfather start appearing , one after the other ( and in short order ) . it was a huge distraction , and an insult to my intelligence . who was the screenwriter kidding here ? some of the individual performances were well done . andy garcia was very convincing as lucky , unfortunately his screen time is reduced to a supporting role . tim roth effectively plays the cocky villain , much like his roles in " the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover " and " rob roy " . the good performances and convincing setup during the first third of the movie do not make up for the lackluster story that follows . a couple of coincidences is one thing , over a dozen is an insult . directed by bill duke ellsworth bumpy johnson . . . . . . . lawrence fishburne dutch schultz . . . . . . . . . . . . tim roth lucky luciano . . . . . . . . . . andy garcia the queen . . . . . . . . . . . . . cicely tyson francine hughes . . . . . . . . . . vanessa l . williams illinois gordon . . . . . . . . . . chi mcbride written by randy turgeon , january 22 , 1998 
the title is taken from the writings of ralph waldo emerson describing the life of a traveler as 'anywhere but here . ' there isn't one thing about this mother-daughter relationship melodrama that felt honest . it relies on a contrived minor character to tell both mother and daughter what was obvious to do in order to straighten out their dysfunctional lives , as for some reason they couldn't figure it out for themselves . if the film looks familiar , that is because " the slums of beverly hills ( 98 ) " went over the same ground but was fortunate to be more comical and perceptive due to alan arkin and natasha lyonne performances , in which they were fortunate to have a much sharper script to work with . alvin sargent's script was weak and annoyingly claustral . wayne wang's ( " the joy luck club " ) inept direction made a weak script even weaker by his inability to tell the story unfolding without the voiceover relating what the action couldn't convey . pushy mother adele august ( susan sarandon ) forces her 14-year-old daughter ann ( natalie portman ) to leave a small midwestern burg to go cross-country with her to beverly hills . the daughter resents her twice divorced , unstable but exotic , schoolteacher mother , bullying her to be an actress as a means of escaping a humdrum life . the daqughter doesn't even like the used gold mercedes mother buys to drive to lala land in and can't stand the beach boys records mom enjoys hearing on the car radio . so it becomes a question of who knows best , as the ladies fight it out between them , until the predictable sweet ending comes in this yawner . adele's dream of greener pastures in beverly hills soon doesn't look that good , as she lands a job in a slum school , has her precious car scratched by the unruly kids , and settles into a job she hates in order to financially survive . daughter pines for small town wisconsin and her friends there . during one of many arguments with her free-spirited mom , they go for ice cream and while mother is being ticketed , she runs away , only to be chased down by friendly traffic cop ( michael milhoan ) , who offers her wise counsel . with the cop's zen wisdom passed onto the daughter , she will survive living in many different addresses in beverly hills until she reaches 17 and then she plans to get way from mom by using her good grades to go to brown university instead of ucla . during their stay in beverly hills , she grows from feeling awkward in beverly hills high to immediately having many high school girlfriends and even a high school rich boy admirer-- a t . s . eliot ( corbin allred ) reader . but the transition of her life into beverly hills had no feel of reality , as everything seemed staged and unemotional . when she learns her cousin benny ( shawn hatosy ) , who happens to be her best friend dies in a traffic accident back in wisconsin , she returns for the funeral and in those reunion scenes it wasn't clearly shown why she wants to stay there , and for that matter , it was never made clear why the mother wants to leave so badly . the film is one big battle of wills between mother and daughter over their dreams . i guess what the filmmaker is trying to say , is that mom is a bad dreamer and the daughter is the observant one , able to recognize mother's faults when not in growing pains and in need of parenting herself . mother has a series of setbacks , like being dumped by her dream-boat dentist ( bochner ) she met on the beach , and witnessing her daughter mimic her whiny optimistic sayings when trying out for an acting part . but mother learns that her daughter has grown-up and is independent and that she has to stop living her life through her . she learns this when the same wise cop who told ann what to do , is about to ticket her and this time will remind the mother of the right thing to do . this of course results in the corny ending , showing that mom's heart was always in the right place , only she went about it in the wrong way . this was just one of those films where you want to be anywhere but in the theater where this film is showing . 
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . at the end of the day , those reflecting upon the debacle that is the avengers would do well to take note that warning clouds loomed on the horizon for the project well before warner bros . made the contentious decision to abandon preview press screenings and scrapped plans for a gala premiere . this highly-anticipated film rendition of the cult television show was originally slotted for an early june opening , where it would have gone head-to-head against the rival studios' heavy hitters ; its eventual demotion to a less potent mid-august opening was an obvious early indication of the studio's lack of confidence with the picture . and with good reason . this is a joyless exercise of a film , held together by a barely coherent plot and lacking any semblance of excitement , thrills or wit . remarkable in its banality and brutally uninvolving , the avengers is a catastrophic mess which immediately invites comparisons to last year's case study in style over substance , joel schumacher's much-loathed batman & robin . ( indeed , both films even feature appalling , ridiculous sequences which find central characters dressed up in fuzzy oversized costumes . ) uma thurman , who takes on the salacious role of the catsuit-clad , karate-chopping emma peel immortalized by diana rigg , was the only bright spot in the aforementioned schumacher disaster , imbuing her poison ivy with a dose of sassiness and sly wit that gave audiences something to smile at amidst the cinematic carnage . unfortunately , the same can't be said here , where she and cohort ralph fiennes ( our new john steed , taking over for patrick macnee ) demonstrate no appreciable chemistry whatsoever , fatally crippling the picture as they volley fizzling repartee back and forth and trade double-entendres with all the enthusiasm of two actors painfully aware that they're on board a sinking ship . at this rate , usually-splendid actor mr . fiennes may never make the transition from arthouse apollo to mainstream leading man -- his tepid turn here will make as much of an inroad as his commendably seedy performance in the regrettably-neglected kathyrn bigelow film strange days . the duo * look * the part -- and admittedly the avengers is , more than most , heavily dependent upon style -- but they're no fun to watch , and i found myself growing increasingly distant and annoyed by the lack of spark between the two cheekily ironic characters as they navigated through the picture's caper-esque plot . when not checking my wristwatch or shifting restlessly in my seat , i began to alleviate the boredom by considering how this all might have played out had the filmmakers chose to go instead with that erstwhile emma as our mrs . peel -- no , not kate beckinsale ( although the notion now intrigues me ) , but gwyneth paltrow , who was originally in the running for the part and can veritably handle a spot-on english accent . if nothing else , it'd at least be highly entertaining for the incongruous sight of the vaguely twiggish young actress kicking butt . the story , such as it is , involves the ever-bemused tandem of steed and peel combating the malevolent sir august de wynter ( sean connery ) , an eccentric aristocrat threatening the safety of the nation with his climate-controlling contraption . ( they also sip a lot of tea . ) overlooking some goofy cloning nonsense and quirky hijinx involving our protagonists' superiors , it sounds far better than it plays , and is rendered almost indecipherable by blatant post-production tinkering ; it's clearly evident that the picture has been cut to shreds . the avengers was never about gripping drama , and our heroes accordingly never take villainous sir august very seriously , but given the lack of cohesion in the plot and the lack of menace conveyed by the buffoonish maniac , it's all decidedly uncompelling . mr . connery , who's onscreen barely long enough to register an impression , approaches the role like a man fulfilling a contractual obligation , simultaneously chewing the scenery while unable to hide his disinterest . at least it all looks good . this is a genuinely handsome production , with fine costume design by anthony powell and crisply shot by roger pratt . in particular , the gleaming production design by stuart craig commands attention , adeptly drawing elements both old and new in order to depict this great britain . there are a handful of striking visual moments in the film , including an attack by a swarm of giant robotic bees and a nice shot of steed and peel finding a way to walk on water , but the film is so unremittingly dull that even these instances fail to stir interest or raise pulse rates . by the time the film's climax had arrived , my interest was not with the sight of steed and sir august slugging it out amidst crashing waves and thundering rain , but with the quickest escape route from the theatre . not coincidentally , the enticing bits of visual bravura were the shots assembled into the movie's remarkable trailer , a savvy piece of work which ironically is infinitely more appealing that the feature film itself ; the first promo which made the rounds in early spring is probably my favourite studio trailer so far this year . it's everything that the avengers is not -- saucy , clever , engaging , and entertaining . a crushing disappointment , the film is one of the worst outings of the year -- too drearily awful to be savoured as gleefully bad , too polished to overlook its deficiencies . there may be upcoming pictures that are even more lifeless than the avengers , but i sure hope not . 
play it to the bone , the newest addition to ron shelton's sports - themed repertoire fails in numerous ways . like most of shelton's other great films ( bull durham , white men can't jump ) , this dud unsuccessfully attempts to use athleticism as a method of connecting characters and creating interesting subplots . shelton's films are not considered sports films , but they do heavily revolve around a specific game to tell a story . shelton has been so good in the past at using sports to analyze the structure of society that from his collection of films we are given an examination of different classes and races living in various different regions . play it to the bone is unsuccessful because not only is the boxing theme dull , but the side story of the two guys and a girl travelling across the country is even worse . the film has no social message like its predecessors . the relationship between the friends , two failed boxers who must face off against each other in the ring for 50 thousand dollars , is very confusing for a number of reasons . the whole film , since it is primarily a " buddy picture , " depends on the strength of the friendship the two characters have for each other . unfortunately , it is a very weak bond for the reasons listed below . 1 ) we never see how cesar ( antonio banderas ) and vince ( woody harrelson ) meet . the two are so different from each other , that a scene of how this odd friendship developed should have been mandatory . 2 ) vince and cesar argue every moment possible on their trip to las vegas . there is not one convincing moment dedicated to seeing the characters laugh together or actually agree on something . 3 ) the third character on the trip , grace ( lolita davidovich ) stands in the way . she is in nearly every scene with them , making it impossible to understand the difficulty the two male characters are going to have when they fight each other . 4 ) there are two many interfering , irrelevant side stories . vince is convinced that he sees jesus on a regular basis , cesar yells at the sky in spanish when he is angry , and grace tries to sell her inventions to hotel owner robert wagner . these boring tales only hurt the central plot . 5 ) when it comes to time for the two men to fight , they don't even hesitate to pound each other . wasn't the whole point of the road trip to show that these two are friends who could never hurt each other ? by the time the road trip part of the movie is over with , the film wants to be over . shelton , on the other hand , continues to tell his story . forty five painful minutes remain . the boxing scene between cesar and vince starts out very powerful and interestingly different from other boxing movies . however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film . 
whether you like the beatles or not , nobody wants to see the bee gee's take on some of the fab four's best known songs . well , maybe that's not true . . . maybe you're curious , the way you have to look in your hanky after you blow your nose . you just have to know how bad bad can be . if that's the case , rejoice , because it was twenty years ago today ( or so ) that sgt . pepper's lonely hearts club band was released ( unleashed ? ) to the world , and thanks to our modern technological advances , you can find this retched piece of filmmaking on vhs . derived from the lyrics of various beatles' songs , sgt . pepper's tells the story of the fictitious band made popular from the song ( and album ) of the same name , released in 1967 . of course , the movie was made eleven years later , the gibbs three have become the lonely hearts , peter frampton is the one and only billy shears , and aside from being about a rock band , the story doesn't correlate to the song at all . and oh , what joy - we're the lovely audience they'd like to take home with them . i don't think so . but at least these characters are actually * people * in a beatles' song , whereas other characters such as strawberry fields ( sandy farina ) gets her name from a song about a * place * called strawberry fields . the debate over this is really quite futile when it comes down to it , because all the film really has to offer is a feast of horrid cover tunes , embarrassing cameo appearances ( george burns ? ! steve martin ? ! ? alice cooper ? ! ? ! ) , and uuuuuuggggggglllllllyyyyy 70's fashion and faces . check please ! the plot is a bit unclear . people with bad 70's hair run around in leisure suits engaging in music video sequences that look like a sick and twisted world of make-believe from an overly demented mr . rogers . mean mr . mustard ( frankie howerd ) somehow gets hold of all billy & co . 's instruments , calling dr . maxwell edison ( steve martin with a silver hammer and an out-of-key singing voice ) , the sun king , marvin sunk ( alice cooper ! ) , and a couple of creepy robots to his aid . supposedly this is a horrible thing ? i guess in heartland , the talent is pretty non-existent . meanwhile , the lonely hearts are off doing the classic " sex , drugs , and rock n' roll " thing , leaving poor strawberry fields without her true love , billy . she sets out to find him , leaving her poor dad and mom ( mrs . fields ! hey , wanna cookie ? ) all alone to sing a horrible rendition of " she's leaving home " , accompanied by those same creepy robots . but is billy getting it on with lucy ( dianne steinberg ) ? ya know , the diamond possessing girl who hangs out in the sky ? well , there's some crazy chick singing soprano on the roof of a building next to a bus stop , and i assume that's who it was . it's movies like this that make ya sit back and ask the unanswerable question , " what the hell were they thinking ? ? ? " nobody will ever know , but as a novelty , sgt . pepper's is one to examine . carol channing , robert palmer , keith carradine - they're all here . but why ? ? ? ? who knows . it's irrelevant . there's as much meaning to be found here as there is to be found in your belly-button lint , although the latter may be more interesting . with the recent onslaught of 70's nostalgia in the movie world ( the ice storm , boogie nights , reissues of the star wars trilogy , etc . ) , let's pray this doesn't get a special 20th anniversary , second-chance in theaters . in the words of paul mccartney , live and let die . in fact , bury this one while you still can . 
" you damn dirty apes ! " that's just one of the inadvertenty hilarious lines from planet of the apes that's taken on a comedic context over time . no one back then seemed to realize how over-the- top charlton heston's acting style was , but it shows now , particularly in this " mystery science theater 3000 " wannabe that was taken for a film masterpiece in its time , actually winning one oscar ( for makeup , no less ) and being nominated for a couple others . it also spawned multiple sequels like beneath the planet of the apes , escape from the planet of the apes , return of the planet of the apes , beneath the escape from the return of the planet of the apes , planet of the apes : the next generation , police academy of the apes . . . the list goes on . heston is an american astronaut who spends a few thousand light years in space with his three companions and ends up on a planet not too dissimilar from earth . the thing is , on this planet humans can't talk or think and the guys in the gorilla masks are the dominant species . heston's companions are killed or turned into vegetables by the apon is imprisoned . he surprises them all with his gift of speech , making two primate scientists ( roddy mcdowall and kim hunter ) believe heston is the missing link between ape and man . believe me , we movie critics have been thinking the same thing for years . when the two apes present the idea before a judicial counsel ( the head ape being shakespearean actor maurice evans ) , it is received as heresy , for all good monkeys know god " created ape in his image . " but heston has already seen a cave that contains evidence that humans were originally the dominant species , before apes ever gained the ability to speak and run for president . and he takes them there , holding up a baby doll and yelling , " if humans couldn't speak , then how do you account for this talking doll ? ! " and how do you account for your acting ability , mr . heston ? the absolute most laughable scene comes with the movie's surprise conclusion . i won't reveal the details except to say it involves heston falling to his knees on a beach and yelling " god damn you all to hell ! " several times in succession . the movie is atrocious and should only be viewed by those members of society who like to watch bad movies and laugh at them . what makes planet of the apes even more amusing is that it was supposed to function as some sort of social irony , a condemnation of fundamentals who reject the theories of evolution . but let me tell you , if darwin could see the ape masks and hear the rotten dialogue exchanges ( heston [to female ape] : may i kiss you before i go ? ape : but . . . you're so . . . ugly . ) , he'd convert to creationism on the spot . luckily for us , science-fiction movies have evolved over time to the point at which some of them are actually good . 
don't get me wrong -- i tend to appreciate besson's naive , unashamedly romantic worldview , an artsy european sensibility gone thoroughly hollywood . his 1994 leon is exciting and absurdly moving , thanks mainly to the interplay between jean reno and a young natalie portman , and 1997's the fifth element is a goofy paean to love , l-u-v , that's even more of a hoot on repeated viewings . but his joan of arc is a mess , despite some stirring battle scenes and the mostly knockout presence of a close-cropped milla jovovich as the maiden herself . jovovich , besson's own personal muse through the making of his last two films ( though they've since separated ) , is magnetic and energetic enough to play a credible joan ( as long as you believe joan was not just a warrior , but also a fabulous , supermodel-level babe ) . and besson remains a servicable action film director , though not an especially facile one . leading her army against the seemingly impenetrable fortresses of the english , joan's struggle against great odds is undeniably stirring , and besson helps you understand how the french could believe , fervently , that god is on her side . besson's big mistake , i think , is trying to dramatize the interior life of his subject . yes , joan had visions -- but i guarantee that whatever image a sympathetic audience conjures in its collective mind will be more compelling than the blue-eyed christ figure on display in besson's hallucinatory dream sequences . the whole conceit turns into a disaster right about the time dustin hoffman ( billed as " the conscience " ) shows up , spouting platitudes and sending poor milla running around her cell , babbling like ally mcbeal . that's kind of a shame , since she does quite well up to that point , charging into battle with a banshee wail that suggests the eruption of a sublimated bloodthirstiness . that darkly attractive aspect of her character -- that she's as likely a charismatic madwoman as the vessel of the lord -- is more or less betrayed by the final reels , in which the conscience browbeats her over the killing she's overseen and joan starts to look like little more than a very confused young lady who's about to take a fall . as the story winds down , with joan condemned to a horrible death by fire , besson is aiming for tragedy and psychological significance . trouble is , he's chosen a lurid , often jokey tone for the balance of the picture -- including some blithe cgi bloodshed in the battle scenes -- and it's impossible to shake the feeling that this particular vision of the middle ages is , to a great extent , nothing more than a put-on . this glib , pre-fab version of such a great story makes me all the more grateful for dreyer's the passion of joan of arc ( 1928 ) , a film whose dialogue is drawn from the actual transcripts of joan's trial , and which stands as one of the most harrowing experiences in all of cinema . compared to that film , the messenger plays as a crime against history . -------------------------------------------------------------- directed by luc besson written by besson and andrew birkin cinematography by thierry arbogast music by eric serra starring milla jovovich france/usa , 1999 theatrical aspect ratio : 2 . 35 : 1 -------------------------------------------------------------- 
georges polti once wrote a paper called " the thirty-six dramatic situations , " in which he asserted the fact that all drama could be defined by no more than thirty-six different situations . this may be the modern restatement of the biblical prophecy from ecclesiastes , " there's nothing new under the sun . " the faculty , the latest movie by from dusk till dawn director robert rodriguez , certainly proves this in typical hollywood fashion . there's not a measureable fraction of original material in this unworthy outing . drawing elements from both the puppet masters and invasion of the body snatchers , screenwriter kevin williamson ( of scream 2 credit ) gives us a horror tale set in middle america ( ohio ) one eventful fall . making use of a cast of unusually stock characters , williamson designs an alien invasion that will not be done independence day-style but rather " through the back door . " parasitic aliens take over the faculty of a run-down high school and soon have infested most of the student body , leaving it up to the ensemble of principal characters to win the day . the lack of gusto is the movie's major stumbling block . even though the genre has seen movies that have a lack for quality such as this , they've been saved by an energetic approach . this casts more than a shadow of a doubt on williamson's ability , who enjoyed success with the wes craven-directed scream but couldn't pull anything solid in for this outing or i know what you did last summer . although he designs the faculty with more of a sci-fi bent than his typical slasher picture , it still comes down to the same results : throw the stock characters in a steel cage match and see who comes out alive . on that level , the main roles are played by virtual unknowns . only the recognizeable elijah wood ( deep impact ) is at the front ; other than that , the screen veterans are saved for the minor roles of the alien teachers . perhaps williamson has it in mind to champion these up-and-comers to the fame that their scream and last summer counterparts achieved ; but to do that , they'd all need to star in their own wb television show about the horrors of puberty a la " dawson's creek . " needless to say the acting is far from top notch , nor does necessity ask that it should be . there is a moment or two of genuine horror , but unfortunately williamson and rodriguez did not take the story far enough in the sci-fi direction to make any use of it . in sum , the faculty was just one long shot that did not pay off . 
out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffles the hell out of us all in the limey , a cold , uninvolving , confusing new thriller . though the plot description may at first seem like it came from the pen of elmore leonard ( author of out of sight , as well as jackie brown , get shorty and pulp fiction ) , after you watch it , you realize that it's not nearly good enough . in an aggressively non-linear fashion , the limey ( li * mey , noun : an english gentleman ) tells the story of wilson ( terrence stamp ) , a british ex-con just released from a 9 year stint in prison for armed robbery . he has come to the us to seek vengeance for the death of his daughter jenny . he doesn't know much about the circumstances of her demise , all he has is a name : terry valentine . valentine was jenny's former boyfriend , a wealthy and corrupt record executive . he's played by peter fonda , in his first major role since the terrific ulee's gold in 1997 . seeking valentine's reclusive place of residence turns out to be no easy task for wilson . he finally finds the impressive abode high in the mountains and sneaks in just as valentine is having a big party . he winds up breaking his cover eventually , setting off valentine's head of security and valentine himself , who decides to run for it . what a mess . i have no problem when films refuse to be constricted by the linearity of time -- pulp fiction , which twisted time every which way , was a masterpiece -- but i do take exception to movies that decide to play around with it for no reason other than to confuse the viewer . the limey does exactly that . the plot is permeated with flashbacks , flash-forwards and what can only be described as random time-travel , without any evident purpose . there is no method to this movie's madness . it uses a fancy way to tell a story that would be better off told more conventionally and more comprehendably . the plot isn't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving . this is a sort of brooding film -- our protagonist doesn't speak much and the action sequences are done with an annoyingly perfunctory attitude . i felt like the director wasn't very interested in the proceedings himself , almost like he made this film for a paycheck . ditto for the editing , which seems to be deliberately sloppy and unpleasant . sixties icon terrence stamp manages to at least be menacing as the aging criminal . he's not much in the way of stature but he has a surprisingly imposing physical presence that works to his advantage here . peter fonda is an unbelievably underrated actor : he's shy , quiet but always effective . he's adept at conveying emotions through speech rather than expression : his feelings don't always show on his face by you can always tell what they are . this is basically a conventional thriller told in a pretentiously bizarre fashion . why soderbergh couldn't just parrot down and tell a story , i don't know , but what he does do certainly doesn't work . the result is a wild cornucopia of images that amount to precisely nil -- even the action scenes don't work . 1999 may have signified the death of the traditional act one - act two - act three storyline , but obviously some movies have not yet transcended it . shall we go back to basics ? 
libby parsons ( ashley judd ) has the perfect little life -- a rich husband , a cute son , and a house on the ocean -- but when her husband nick ( bruce greenwood ) takes her sailing , she awakes to find him gone and her hands covered with blood . just as she makes it to the deck and picks up the bloody knife lying there , the coast guard arrives in response to a distress call her vanished husband sent . she's convicted of his murder , of course , and leaves her son matty ( benjamin weir ) with her best friend ( annabeth gish ) . time passes , and the friend disappears with matty . during their last phone conversation libby hears matty yell " daddy ! " and realizes that her husband is still alive . libby serves six years , growing harder and driven by the desire to kill nick ( based on the theory that because of the " double jeopardy " amendment she can off him with impunity ) . when she gets parole , she's sent to a halfway house run by travis lehman ( tommy lee jones ) , a former law professor who ruined his life with a drunk driving accident . after a little breaking and entering and some destruction of property , libby jumps parole and lams it across the country looking for nick and matty . travis pursues , naturally . " double jeopardy " is a watered-down version of " the fugitive , " with jones sleep-walking through his well-worn pursuer persona . although libby never leaps from a bus that collides with a train , she manages to get into a few nail-biters -- chased down the beach by a jeep , chained to a car that plunges into the ocean , sealed in a coffin -- that add some much needed thrills to an anemic , slow-moving script . character development is thin . travis' intriguing backstory is mentioned a couple times but has no effect on the story . ( i think they only made him a former law professor so that he could verify the double-jeopardy theory when libby gets the drop on nick . it's a long way to go for one line ) . there's considerable sexual tension between travis and libby ( hey , there's something " the fugitive " didn't have ! ) , but it never goes anywhere . libby is a tv-movie everywoman , but judd's intense performance draws us in and makes us forget that her character has no distinguishing characteristics . this is judd's most prominent role to date , and she proves that she can light up the screen . let's hope hollywood gives her more to work with next time around . the quality of director bruce beresford's movies seems to depend on luck . when he has a good script and a strong cast , he turns out oscar-caliber work like " 'breaker' morant , " " driving miss daisy , " and " tender mercies . " when he doesn't . . . we get " double jeopardy . " screenwriters david weisberg and douglas cook previously collaborated on " the rock , " a script which probably benefited from the numerous uncredited rewrites . bottom line : ashley judd tries hard but can't save this predictable bore . 
movies don't come much more ridiculously titled than " i still know what you did last summer , " but since the movie in question is best described as ridiculous , the title sort of works as a warning . more than a silly-sounding mouthful to blurt out to the ticket vendor , this horror sequel's moniker also contains a grievous oversight that anyone who saw the original will be able to spot : what " you " did _last_ summer " you " actually did the summer _before_ last summer , and since " i " knew about it _this_ summer as well as _last_ summer , it's really illogical to say that " i " _still_ know what " you " did _last_ summer . the filmmakers would have at least made sense with the shorter " i still know , " the longer " i still know what you did two summers ago " or the appropriate " stupid people getting hacked to bits . " that last suggestion is the preferable one since the characters in this film do things that are the polar opposite of smart . for example , if your roommate is plagued by terrible nightmares as a result of being stalked and nearly murdered not long ago , would you sneak into her room late at night and hide in the closet , even if it was just to locate and borrow a cute little dress ? probably not , but that's precisely what college student karla ( pop diva brandy ) does to best friend julie ( jennifer love hewitt ) , resulting in the first in a long line of phony frights . julie , you'll recall , was one of the sole survivors at the end of 1997's surprise hit " i know what you did last summer , " after a slasher with a grudge to bear - it's a _long_ story - began trying to pick off her , her buddies and various others in their coastal carolina village . in this installment , the plot picks up as karla wins a trip to the bahamas , and julie , yet racked by guilt , decides that maybe a tropical getaway will help ease her mind . yeah , right . their island paradise has room , of course , for one more in the form of the still-alive killer ( muse watson ) from the first film . he sports the same gorton's fisherman get-up , a heavy hat and rain slicker that mask his identity , but why he's still trying to stay anonymous is a mystery this movie never solves . . . though i suppose his hook-hand would look funny protruding from the sleeve of a leisure suit . in a sense , that's the movie's glaring flaw - everybody knows who the bad guy is , thus evaporating the level of paranoid tension nicely sustained by its prequel . the murders and attempted murders in that film were vivid and scary , but trey callaway's derivative " i still know " screenplay makes the fisherman just as dumb as his pretty potential victims . when julie lays blissfully unaware in a tanning bed , giving him a perfect chance to wreak vengeance once and for all , what does he do ? he twist-ties the lid shut and cranks up the uv rays - you'd think he'd want her gutted now instead of a skin cancer victim later . even prequel " summer " lovers might balk at how little there is here beyond sporadically amusing absurdity and a few neat-o shots of blood flowing from toned teenage flesh . the innovative gallows humor that scribe ( and " scream " wunderkind ) kevin williamson injected into " i know " 's unfolding story is sorely missed , replaced with the grating antics of a white rastafarian cabana boy who smokes weed and tosses off slang like " yo " ; you'll cheer - not shriek - when he ends up with a pair of hedgetrimmers firmly implanted in his chest . if " i know what you did last summer , " however effective , was just the kind of movie that those subversive " scream " flicks poked fun at , then the deadly " i still know what you did last summer " deserves a full-blown roasting on " mystery science theatre 3000 . " 
the previews for the movie are pretty good . they show a little plot , all the characters , and the emotional highlights , all spliced together to give a general impression of the script . unfortunately , the full movie adds nothing but 115 minutes . the residents of mystery love hockey . mystery and hockey go together like texas and high school football . the townsfolk love hockey so much that they even acquit a player who's guilty of shooting another man ( yes , that's one of the movie's jokes . ) every saturday , the best players pair off for a game , and the whole town comes to watch . the town's prodigal son charlie ( hank azaria ) wrote an article on the weekly game for sports illustrated . mystery's national fame has the town abuzz . a week later , charlie actually shows up in person , and he brings with him an offer from the nhl . the new york rangers will come to mystery to play the locals . the mysterians see this as both good and bad . on the one hand , they'd love to have the fame and the money of such an exhibition . on the other hand , they don't want to turn up as the butt of leno and letterman jokes . the movie follows a handful of lives that are affected by the proposition . biebe ( russell crowe ) has just been retired from the team and is asked to coach the boys , including his new replacement . he's already resentful , and to top it off charlie has been making eyes at his wife . crowe is not given a lot of room to act in this film , so he's just kind of stuck with constantly brooding . charlie , meanwhile , is resentful of having born in a town where hockey is the only measure of a man's worth . his " gift " of the feature story , and of the new york rangers , was his way of compensating for not being a better skater . he hoped it would earn him some respect and merit , but the townspeople find reasons to continue disliking him . burt reynolds could have been interesting as walter , the judge whose courtroom was befouled by a moronic jury of hockey fans . walter actually has some experience with collegiate hockey , but he actively tries to put it behind him . he wants his son to take the game more seriously , but he wants his community to just get over it . reynolds could have been good , but sloppy writing and/or editing keep walter in the corner , and so reynolds never really gets to pull his performance all together . one character actually was interesting . biebe's wife ( mary mccormack ) , like the judge , understood that there was more to life than hockey . but unlike him she has come to accept the skewed view of the community . she chose the town and her husband with her eyes wide open . her unique insight is verbalized once , and it lasts only a scene before it is gone , but her performance carries the hint of some deeper wisdom . mysterty , alaska follows a handful of other characters , but none are well developed or worth mentioning . the biggest problem with this movie is that there is no real heart to the story , no underlying thing that the movie is really about . instead , roach and screenwriters david e . kelley and sean o'byrne try to cram the entire human condition into this sports comedy . they try to make you laugh and cry , to feel outrage and pride . they present the framing and cadence for jokes , but there's nothing truly funny . they show appropriately staged scenes of sadness , but they give you nothing to be really sad about . as columnist molly ivins would say , it's all hat , no cattle . the perfect opportunity arises for roach to say what this movie is really about . there is a funeral scene , played with appropriate gravity and somber music . it is a chance for the characters to reflect on their lives and decide what's truly important . russell crowe steps forward to speak , about to spell out the movie's metaphor for us . he says that what really matters in life is " community . . . . " then adds " and hockey . " i guess these mysterians really are as shallow as they appear . only mildly bad , mystery , alaska probably deserves 2 stars . i even laughed out loud , genuine laughs in places . but i docked it an extra half star when mike myers , a friend of roach , turned up in a role that didn't suit him . myers is a comic character actor . he puts on masks , becomes an outrageous caricature , and is funny . he's great as austin powers , dr . evil , or any of his scottish characters . nobody else in mysterty , alaska is a comic caricature . all the other people have the feel of dramatic characters in semi-serious roles . for roach to bring in myers for a few cheap laughs shows incredible contempt toward the rest of his cast , toward his audience , and indeed toward the film itself . it's an acknowledgment by the director that the film is not worth taking seriously . 
we're back in blade runner territory with this one , conceptual artist robert longo's vision of a william gibson-inspired future where information is the commodity to kill for . front and center is johnny ( keanu reeves ) , a " cyber-courier " who smuggles data via a " wet-wired " implant . he's ready to quit the biz and get a portion of his long-term memory restored , but , first , he has to finish one last , dangerous job . . the pressing problem in johnny mnemonic is that keanu reeves seems to have forgotten how to play an action hero since his stint on speed . he's walking wood in a forest of stiffs that includes henry rollins , ice-t , and dina meyer . ( dolph lundgren's street preacher is in an acting category all its own . : - ) without a believable performance between them , all we can do is sit back and watch the atmosphere , which is pretty good in places . the vr sequences are way cool , but the physical fx--such as miniatures and mattes--leave a lot to be desired . watch out for those bad blue-screens ! we wouldn't mind a minute of johnny mnemonic if the action played better . too bad the debut director isn't very strong in this de- partment . his big finale is a sloppy , silly mess that runs twenty minutes too long , which is way past the time that most of our " wet- wired " processors have already shut down . bottom line : yatf ( yet another tortured future ) . skip it . 
it's almost amusing to watch 21-year old christina ricci get drastically overshadowed in sally potter's follow-up to 1997's the tango lesson , the man who cried . the gen-y actress , with her cold stare and big , black eyes , has appeared in an impressive range of films ; but she doesn't even come close to being the bold heroine the film , set against the historical backdrop of world war 2 , requires her to be . ricci , whose character is shockingly silent and blank , showing only the occasional smile or hint of concern , shares most of her scenes with the astounding cate blanchett : quite an amusing sight to behold . blanchett's lola , a paris dwelling dancer who befriends the aspiring singer suzie , is bold , interesting and layered ? everything our heroine lacks . co-star of the upcoming lord of the rings trilogy , blanchett has a good seven inches on ricci , sports twice the makeup and dons a flashy wardrobe . the actress inhabits the role ? as she always so remarkably does ? with a fervor and life that makes you want her to hold the screen as the film's lead rather than her dull companion . important historical events involving hitler and his nazis scatter themselves across the film ; these landmarks serve as the film's little conflict . obviously , the tables are turned in the life of suzie by these events , whose jewish origin is unknown among her parisian colleagues . the man who cried has many aspirations , none of which come full circle by the film's close . there are forced messages here and there : " go forward ; always go forward , " lola preaches to suzie ; there's romance between suzie and a fellow target of hitler's nazis , the gypsy cesar ( johnny depp , who , like ricci , barely gets to speak ) ; lola struggles with her character that desires above all things wealth and men who have it ; and at the core of all these devices lies suzie's desire to travel to america , where her father journeyed after leaving her and her mother years ago . the film's main problem is that potter isn't skilled enough to tell the epic-sized story of suzie . the time period's instability , the conflicting social classes , the prejudice against suzie from all those around her in her new life : serving as both writer and director , potter throws in some of each , but hardly an inch of depth is to be found in any . by the time the sigh-inducing climax hits , the believability and complete absence of focus leave one ready to leave the theater . the film's falling action is weirdly unsatisfying and unlikely ; are we really meant to believe any of this could happen ? contrastingly , in its moving final scene , the man who cried strikes a note that is made effective in its ties to the emotional beginning of the film . although it's apparent that potter can't grasp what she reaches , i'm puzzled as to why she reaches for so much in the first place . ricci's suzie is meant to be the film's core : from the extended flashback at the film's beginning to the quickly drawn ending , everything seen in the film , in some way , relates to her . so why then does potter spend so much time on subplots involving other individuals ? the character of suzie is too present for the man who cried to work as an ensemble , but not present enough for the film to be ricci's . the almost constant lack of flow and one-note tone with which potter depicts the man who cried are somewhat improved upon by sacha vierny's beautiful cinematography that renders the film's various locations wonderfully . also worthy of note are lindy hemming's costumes that help to depict the area quite nicely . and then there's the music . from minute one to minute ninety-seven , there's hardly a moment when the wavering , skilled voice of an opera singer or the rhythms of the gypsy music don't undercut the action ; the notes stricken both overwhelm ( particularly john turturro , portraying fictional opera singer dante dominio , whose money and reputation catch lola's interest ) and accompany ( oftentimes , the perfect chords are captured to undermine the state of the film's characters and reinforce that state ) . potter obviously cares much about each and every musical note ; unfortunately , the same effort isn't given towards ( almost ) everything else . 
this is an adaptation of h . g . wells' acclaimed novel 'the invisible man' . the actors are kevin beacon and elizabeth shue . the director is paul verhoven . that , plus a quick demonstration of the amazing special effects in the trailer , should be enough to lure us into the theatre . the problem is to keep us there . i can't imagine anyone who would like to see this movie a second time . working on a top secret military project , sebastian caine ( kevin beacon ) -- an eccentric genius , that calls himself " god " , has discovered the secret to invisibility . the first two faces are completed . now , it is time for " the next logical step " -- human . caine volunteers for this risky experiment . but when he is made invisible , something goes wrong . while his ex-girlfriend linda ( elisabeth shue ) desperately tries to find something to return him to normal , he learns that invisibility is more of a prison than a superpower . but that's not the bad thing -- an unexpected side-effect of the drug sends him careening into paranoid megalomania . he is naturally given a couple of modest superpowers , just enough for him to survive immolation from a flame thrower and an explosion of about a quart of nitroglycerine . soon every sense of decency is forgotten . the little intelligence that was left disappears as verhoven looses control and the film turns into an alien-rip-off , where caine is walking like a half finished terminator , spooking , scaring and killing everybody . though it's based on a novel called 'the invisible man' , the title has been ironically changed to 'hollow man' that sums up the film very nicely . this is a very silly production . laughable , actually . apparently verhoven's imagination doesn't stretch too far . for him the only worthwhile reason to become invisible is so you can case the girls' locker room undetected . it is this primitive schoolboy mentality that eventually kills the movie . being invisible , gives you the opportunity to be who you are , to do what you want without being influenced by society . in many ways it gives you an illusion of having a life without consequences . the nature of man and his place in society is what the novel is truly about . all that , the depth and true horror of the book is gone and only special effects make you remain in your seat . caine does use his power voyeuristically in hollow man . but since this is a modernization , in other words a dehumanization , he doesn't stop there . he becomes a rapist . and then , of course , a murderer . you'll start wondering why such actors as beacon and shue found themselves in such film in the first place . shue's talent is barely seen , josh brolin is underused and the rest of the cast suffer mostly for the lack of talent . kevin beacon is the only one that performs gracefully . his face is not seen for the most part of the film , and the only way he exists is as a disembodied voice . there are times when his presence actually saves the film from being completely embarrassing . in the end the effects are the only reason to see this film in the first place . being probably the best technical achievement since " jurassic park " , they are absolutely amazing . we observe the layers of skin , muscle , tissue , and bone being peeled away as a body is slowly rendered invisible . we see a beating heart , inflating lungs , and veins pulsing with newly-pumped blood . there are a couple of inventive shots with smoke , fire , air and water , but are a few scenes like that worth attending a movie for ? what is truly disturbing is that with a great book , talented actors and a grand budget , this could have been so much more . pretty much like jan de bont ( " twister " , " haunting " ) , paul verhoven has never made anything extraordinary . he was responsible for several good films ( " basic instinct " and " starship troopers ) " and some incredibly bad films ( " showgirls " , " total recall " ) , but he has never made anything that was great . in a way " hollow man " fits perfectly in this collection . it's not better or worse than verhoven's average film . he proves once again that he is incapable of handling more complex issues . and so , instead of depth and chills , verhoven inserts some of his trademarks : stupid dialogue , and lot's of dull action with blood and naked bodies . he even throws in some of the worst of film clich ? s - the slowly advancing fireball , the villain who comes back from the dead , etc , etc . - and tops the whole thing off with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year ( you'll be screaming " nooooo ! " and attempt to run towards the exit in slow motion ) . and all we can ask is why ? the answer is simple . though hollywood is a movie producing machine , the business of moviemaking has to be about something more than money . it has to be about telling stories , not marketing them . it has to be about transporting us to a different place , to dazzle us with magic and cleverness . to make us care , to make us think and feel . verhoven has obviously missed that point and this film is a proof of that . it's all flesh and bones , but no soul . a void where its imagination should be . 
well , what are you going to expect ? it's a movie about a big snake that eats people . that's what i should have been thinking when i viewed this film , because maybe then i would have enjoyed myself more . instead , i ended up wishing a giant snake would come along and eat me , too . anaconda is about a documentary film crew sailing down a south american river . led by anthropologists dr . steven cale ( eric stolz ) and terri flores ( jennifer lopez ) , the crew is attempting to locate a lost tribe of natives . along the way , they find poacher paul sarone ( jon voight ) , and become unwillingly embroiled in his quest to capture the elusive anaconda . to simply say that this is the world's largest snake wouldn't be doing it justice , since the anaconda in this movie is at least two feet wide . if this isn't a good reason to avoid picking up hitchhikers , i don't know what is . at the beginning of anaconda , we find that flores and cale have had some kind of relationship in the past , but that seems to be more or less over now . i expected that fact to play a key part somewhere down the line , but it ended up being a set-up for nothing . cale chokes on a deadly wasp ( don't ask me how that happens - i don't know ) and is put out of action , relegated to being the person whom the rest of the film crew must get back to civilization for medical help . this minimally helps to add a sense of urgency for the plot , since this goal now comes in direct conflict with sarone's plan to capture the snake . however , this is negated by the fact that cale seems to get better by himself about halfway through the film , and in any event still results in zero payoff from the relationship angle . most bad characters are either annoying or stupid . in this movie , they're both . since this description applies to all the characters except sarone , it's hard to find someone to root for . you're supposed to back the good guys , but you really end up cheering for sarone because he's smarter than everyone else . or maybe he's just not as dumb as everyone else . at times , i almost found myself rooting for the snake . there are no standout performances here . everyone seems to be reciting lines written for stock characters . even voight appears to be doing his best impression of christopher walken for some reason . no matter , as in most monster movies , the snake is supposed to be the real star anyway . in most of the scenes , the snake is computer generated , and the effects crew did a decent job of making it look real . however , the realism is thrown off by some pretty unrealistic occurrences . sometimes , for example , the snake just moves too fast . it catches a guy jumping off of a waterfall , for crying out loud . then there's another scene where the snake eats one of the characters , and we see the snake's skin drawn so tightly over its prey that we can see the victim's pained expression from within the snake's belly . absolutely ridiculous . a testimony to the film's bad direction is the inclusion of a scene early on the in the film , where we get to see just how dangerous the mighty anaconda is . in a scene totally unrelated to anything else , we are witness to the big snake winning a showdown with a panther . the anaconda wraps itself around the powerful feline as if it were a stuffed animal and squeezes it so hard , one of the panther's eyeballs pops out . eeeewwwww . above and beyond the sick factor , however , this scene surprised me because it actually showed the face of the snake before a quarter of the movie had even passed . in films like these , a sense of mystery surrounding the monster must be maintained . if the characters are reacting to something they fear more than see , we as an audience must experience that feeling along with them . to show us the monster early on is to let us in on something the characters don't know about , and therefore allow us to get used to the danger before the pivotal moment when man and beast have their climactic showdown . in a case like that , the showdown just ends up being a letdown . when i saw the snake for the first time , i decided to give the film the benefit of the doubt and assume that the snake i saw wasn't the real danger . this one was just a decoy , and there was actually a bigger snake waiting to make its appearance just when everyone thought they were safe . no such luck . okay , maybe anaconda is actually a decoy , and there's really a better movie waiting to make its debut . 
this is the movie that could single-handedly bring " mystery science theater 3000 " out of cancellation . it's one of those movies that's so bad it's absolutely hilarious , due in no small part to its big star , supermodel cindy crawford . if you only remember one thing about fair game , it should be that it singlehandedly proves crawford should stick to the sports illustrated swimsuit issues . if you thought kathy ireland was laughable in alien from l . a . , you'll change your mind when you see fair game . ireland would win handfuls of oscars if this was her only competition . in a real casting coup , crawford plays a super-intelligent lawyer ( in a jogging bra , of course ) . we all know this is a stretch , the only legal opinion crawford has ever put forth being that she favors the death penalty for anyone who wears white after labor day . nonetheless , someone out there thought she'd make a good lawyer , but we're reminded of her true function in the movie when she takes two showers in a period of twenty minutes . and for you horny teenage boys out there , you actually get to see her topless for two seconds in the dark . . . come to think of it , that may have been a body double . cindy crawford isn't black , is she ? like i said , crawford is a lawyer with a bunch of russians after her . billy baldwin ( or is it stephen ? alec ? adam ? kim basinger ? ) is the police detective who has to save her life , time after time , chase after chase , explosion after explosion . there's absolutely nothing original about this movie . it's every cop show of the 70's mixed with every action thriller of the 80's and every technology- exploitation movie of the 90's . three decades of crap all in one place , driven further into the ground by crawford's complete lack of acting talent . and it's all completely predictable . you know the mistakes baldwin and crawford are going to make before they make them , you know when the " sexual tension " will finally end up in them consummating the relationship , you know when the villains will capture crawford so baldwin has to rescue her in the climax and you know the movie's going to suck from the first scene . the plot isn't really explained until the end . all we know is these russians have every detail about crawford in their computer . in the words of one of the villains , " we even know what size pantyhose she wears . " ( yeah , you and every 14-year-old boy in america . ) he goes on to add , " we know more about her than she does . " ( _that_ i find very easy to believe . ) i hope you enjoyed those two sample dialogue quotes , because i wrote down plenty of other bad ones ( " if it weren't for me , you'd still be pulling bananas out of your ass in cuba ! " ) because , you see , fair game is not only a showcase for recycled action cliches and terrible acting , but also some seriously bad dialogue . it all adds up to a really terrible movie that made me laugh in plenty of places i wasn't supposed to and grimace in places i was supposed to laugh . one more thing fair game has against it is some awful comic relief . would you laugh at a scene where crawford tortures a computer nerd with double entendres like " i'm very interested in _hard_ware " and other crap about playing with his joystick ? i wouldn't , but not because i'm a computer nerd . it's just not funny . crawford's only contribution to the information age are a few gif files floating around with her head on a nude traci lords' body . . . or was it jack lord's body ? i'll leave you with the final line of dialogue in the movie . the boat with all the russians has just blown up and baldwin and crawford are floating on a life raft . crawford says woodenly , " that was my client's boat you just blew up . i'm filing a lawsuit against you . you're in big trouble , " or something to that effect , and baldwin replies smugly , " what do i have to do to get out of it ? " they of course begin making out and the credits roll . i'm not going to talk about how stupid the line is or how , if they'd really wanted to go for a bad closing line they would have had baldwin say , " you think i could settle out of court ? " but i will tell you that , if anyone ever suggests you watch fair game with him or her , you quote the final line of the movie to that person : " what do i have to do to get out of it ? " serving america for over 1/50th of a century ! 
any remake of an alfred hitchcock film is at best an uncertain project , as a perfect murder illustrates . frankly , dial m for murder is not one of the master director's greatest efforts , so there is ample room for improvement . unfortunately , instead of updating the script , ironing out some of the faults , and speeding up the pace a little , a perfect murder has inexplicably managed to eliminate almost everything that was worthwhile about dial m for murder , leaving behind the nearly- unwatchable wreckage of a would-be '90s thriller . almost all suspense films are loaded with plot implausibilities . the best thrillers keep viewers involved enough in what's going on so that these flaws in logic don't become apparent until long after the final credits have rolled . unfortunately , in a perfect murder , the faults are often so overt that we become aware of them as they're happening . this is a very bad sign . not only do such occurrences shatter any suspension of disbelief , but they have the astute viewer looking for the next such blunder . of course , in the case of a perfect murder , at least that gives an audience member something to do besides concentrating on the inane plot and the lifeless , cardboard characters . a perfect murder isn't a strict remake of dial m for murder , but it does borrow heavily from frederick knott's play ( which was also the source material for hitchcock's version , as well as a 1981 made-for-tv retelling ) . emily hayes ( gwyneth paltrow ) is the wealthy wife of powerful wall street mover-and-shaker steven hayes ( michael douglas ) . their marriage isn't going well -- emily resents steven's controlling instincts , and , as a form of rebellion , she is having an affair with a penniless painter , david shaw ( viggo mortensen ) . when steven learns of the relationship , he decides to confront david , but his approach isn't that of a typical cuckolded husband . instead of yelling or threatening , steven offers david a proposal that's too good to resist : for $500 , 000 in cash ( $100 , 000 before , the rest after ) , he is to break into steven's new york apartment and kill emily . ( of course , after getting the first payment , david never bothers to ask how he's supposed to get the rest . ) ultimately , i'm not sure which of the three main characters we're supposed to be sympathetic to : the cold-hearted husband , who wants his wife dead so he can get his hands on her fortune ; her mercenary lover , who is willing to do the deed for half-a-million ; or the woman , who is happily carrying on an extramarital affair . not only are these individuals all profoundly dislikable , but they're not interesting . ( it's possible to make a good movie with detestable characters -- see reservoir dogs -- but there has to be something compelling about them , which , in this case , there isn't . ) steven , emily , and david are all lifted directly from the screenwriting 101 text book on stereotypes . the actors in this film are obviously just on hand to get their paychecks . michael douglas is playing the kind of heartless tycoon that he can do in his sleep -- he's gordon gekko with an unfaithful wife . gwyneth paltrow , who was recently delightful and appealing in sliding doors , is simply awful here . she now has the dubious distinction of have starred in two of 1998's worst thrillers ( the other being hush ) . at least viggo mortensen ( g . i . jane ) has a little fun with his part , but then he usually does interesting things even in bad movies . the thin supporting cast includes david suchet , the star of " poirot , " as a police inspector , and sarita choudhury ( kama sutra ) as emily's best friend . a perfect murder is a plodding production that generates almost no suspense from beginning to end . there aren't many twists and turns in the unexpectedly linear script , which makes the ending inevitable almost from the start . it's surprising to see director andrew davis , the man behind the fugitive , involved in this mess , but , like his stars , he too needs to earn a living . it's just that remaking hitchcock , and doing it so badly , hardly seems to be an honorable way to go about getting the dough . 
nostalgia for the 70s continues , as we see a revival of one of the decade's greatest achievements : the marijuana comedy . however half baked doesn't quite run with all its brain cells , and will make you appreciate the questionable talents of cheech and chong all the more . the plot follows the misadventures of four ne'er-do-well stoners . there's the group's unofficial leader , thurgood ( david chappelle ) , scarface ( guillermo diaz ) , brian ( jim breuer ) , and kenny ( harland williams ) . kenny gets into trouble , when , while on a munchie run , feeds his snack foods to a diabetic police horse . when the animal keels over , he finds himself accused of killing a police officer , and facing a $1 , 000 , 000 bail . his friends promise to raise money for a 10% bail bond , but have no idea how . that is , until thurgood stumbles upon a stash of pharmaceutical marijuana being tested at the company where he works as a janitor . soon the three guys are dealing dope to raise funds , while avoiding the cops and rival dealer sampson simpson ( clarence williams iii ) . for a comedy , the film is pretty humorless . not that it doesn't try . . . it's just that the comic setups are obvious and the payoffs nearly all fall flat . the four leads are nearly all playing the same character . only williams stands out ( while still performing on the level of his humor-free comedy rocket man ) , but that is because he's imprisoned throughout most of the film , giving a much needed change of pace ( but mostly swapping one set of obvious gags for another ) . to help out , the film is packed full of cameos . steven wright , tommy chong , janeane garofalo , willie nelson , snoop doggy dogg , and jon stewart all make appearances at one point or another . none of them work , beyond the simple " hey , that's _____ " level . in fact the funniest work in the film comes from chappelle . not as his bland pothead lead , but in his second role , as a pot-obsessed rapper , sir smokealot . granted , it's pretty much a one-joke role , and there aren't a ton of laughs . . . but this film needs every one it can scrape up . to top it off , and in a move contrasting with the tone of the rest of the film , thurgood is given a love interest , mary jane ( rachel true ) . her role is that of the public service announcement : to inform us why doing drugs ( including pot ) is wrong . her character seems fabricated merely as a defense to the " your film promotes the use of drugs " camp . the film would have been better off by sticking with the " rebel " tone it so eagerly tries to claim . yet , in the end , it doesn't really matter . watching the film clean and sober , you are bound to recognize how truly awful it is . 
dead-bang , an action thriller starring don johnson , lives up to its dumb title , or at least to half of it . although dead-bang is definitely dead , it is anything but a bang ; in fact , they should have called this one " dead bore . " in the film , johnson plays . . . you guessed it . . . a cop . the role must have been really challenging for johnson since his character , jerry beck , is a gritty los angeles homicide detective , a real stretch from the slick vice detective johnson portrayed on " miami vice . " a la mel gibson in lethal weapon , beck is an emotional wreck , complete with violent outbursts , unscrupulous police methods , and a bleak outlook on life . beck's wife has just divorced him , and she is cutting him off from their children . she will not even allow him to wish them " merry christmas " by telephone . but beck's family and emotional problems take a back seat to the action and thrills in dead-bang . beck is investigating the brutal murders of a shopkeeper and a cop . his investigation starts in l . a . and finally culminates and climaxes in oklahoma , where he has a violent showdown with the killers at a white supremacist camp . virtually every aspect of dead-bang is inept and ineffective . the plot is incoherent and full of holes . the movie depicts beck's investigation so clumsily that you never see the connections between his clues and his conclusions . the action sequences in dead-bang are strictly third-rate , and the movie has absolutely no momentum or suspense . i certainly expected more from long-time director john frankenheimer who directed the classic political thriller , the manchurian candidate--as well as black sunday , seven days in may , and the french connection ii . in all fairness to frankenheimer , however , i should note that most of dead-bang's shortcomings seem to stem from its shabby script rather than from the direction . dead-bang tries to don a mask of social relevance by incorporating themes of racism and white supremacy , but its efforts are nothing more than token gestures and nothing less than insulting . according to the movie's production notes , dead-bang is based on the real-life experiences of still-active detective jerry beck . you would never guess this from watching dead-bang , however , since the film totally lacks credibility ; it is utterly unconvincing and unbelievable . most of the characters in dead-bang are either atrociously acted , underdeveloped , superfluous , or all of the above . william forsythe , for example , is painfully bad as arthur kressler , a wholesome by-the-book fbi agent who's offended by beck's foul language and unorthodox methods . forsythe's lame performance and corny dialogue makes his character unbearable . dead-bang marks the motion picture debut of tim reid ( " wkrp in cincinnati " and " frank's place " ) , but his talents are completely wasted in a cliched and contrived role ; he plays the chief officer of a squadron of black cops who help beck to nail the villains . the sole function of penelope ann miller's character is to give dead-bang an excuse to include a gratuitous love scene between characters about whom you could not care less . i guess the film's title refers to this love scene since it's definitely a dead bang . the only real virtue of dead-bang , believe it or not , is don johnson , who tries to overcome the limitations of the movie's pitiful script . johnson succeeds in giving his character a sarcastic sense of humor and a hint of depth , and his pessimistic wisecracks occasionally bring the film to life . and i must admit that dead-bang does have one or two amusing moments . the funniest scene has johnson throwing-up all over a criminal as he interrogates him . but when barf is the highlight of a movie , you know the movie's in trouble . the other amusing scene involves a psychological examination of beck , in which he can't keep a straight face because the psychiatrist resembles woody allen . but two funny scenes and a couple good wisecracks do not a movie make . 
this movie about two dysfunctional families never really gets off the ground , despite some good performances from a basically competent cast . eddie ( sean penn ) and maureen ( robin wright penn ) are a not-so-happily married couple down on their luck . living in rented rooms in the seedier part of an unnamed city , they spend what little income they have at the local bar , owned by shorty ( stanton ) , eddie's best friend , and his wife georgie ( mazar ) . maureen and eddie share an odd relationship marked by eddie's frequent disappearances . on his return , he promises her the world and professes his undying love . their manic reunions all too soon lead to new lows , as eddie disappears again . like a junky craving the next high , maureen suffers through the lows to reach the next high . their relationship is further complicated by maureen's pregnancy . she wants the baby and the father , but deep down seems to sense the inevitability of losing the latter . during one of eddie's absences , maureen is attacked by kiefer , her neighbor , who gets her drunk ( with her cooperation ) and then insists on intimacy . she leaves badly bruised and in fear of what eddie might do -- not to her , but to kiefer . she lies about what happens to ensure that no harm will come to eddie as the result of his inevitable rage . he lashes out as she expects , and ends up in an institution for what he believes to be 3 months -- but in reality is 10 years . during this decade , maureen divorces eddie and remarries a more solid and reliable individual , joey ( travolta , in a small role ) . her life falls apart again when eddie is released from the institution and comes to find her . joey insists on bringing eddie into his home and making his wife choose between her husband ( and father of two children ) and stability ( joey makes a good living , drives a cadillac , and they live in a large house in the suburbs ) and the love of her previous life . she chooses her past , and sacrifices not only her new life but her old ( by giving up her and eddie's daughter to joey ) . but the eddie that she knew is gone , replaced by a mere shell of the man he was . maureen is herself a mere shell , more an automaton than a woman -- as if she had gone through whatever therapy and treatment eddie was given along with him . perhaps these two really do need each other and can find happiness ( or maybe the lack of sadness ) together , but the movie's denouement was not convincing . 
and now the high-flying hong kong style of filmmaking has made its way down to the classics , and it isn't pretty . this time out the nod to asia goes by way of france in the excruciating bland and lukewarm production of the musketeer , a version of dumas's the three musketeers . by bringing in popular asian actor/stunt coordinator xing xing xiong -- whose only prior american attempts at stunt choreography have been the laughable van damme vehicle double team and the dennis rodman cinematic joke simon sez -- our musketeers are thrown into the air to do their fighting . the end result is a tepid and dull action/adventure rip-off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu . the story is so simple my grandmother could have adapted the screenplay . d'artagnan ( justin chambers ) is the vengeful son of a slain musketeer . he travels to paris to join the royal musketeers and find the man that killed his parents . in paris , he meets the cunning cardinal richelieu ( stephen rea ) , who is trying to overthrow the king , and richelieu's man-in-black associate febre ( tim roth ) , the killer of his folks . he finds the musketeers in paris disbanded and drunk , so he rounds up aramis ( nick moran ) , athos ( jan gregor kremp ) and porthos ( steven spiers ) to free the musketeer's wrongfully imprisoned leader treville from the king's prison . d'artagnan and his new frisky love interest/chambermaid francesca ( mena suvari ) play footsy and coo at each other as the cardinal hunts down the musketeers until finally the queen ( catherine deneuve ) ends up being captured by the menancing febre , forcing the musketeers to regroup , with d'artagnan leading the charge , and save the day . director peter hyams ( end of days ) obviously wanted to blend eastern and western filmmaking styles , but here it's a disaster . one problem is that , in reality , most eastern films have taken their lead from western ones . jet li's high risk is a rip-off of die hard -- not the other way around . ironically , there is awfully little swordplay or action in the film at all -- maybe ten minutes of swashbuckling spread over five scenes . most asian action films carry the bulk of their production with 20- to 30-minute action sequences , because they know the scenes have to carry the picture . the musketeer instead weighs itself down with a predictable and monotonous screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horrible acting by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chambers ( the wedding planner ) to deliver his mousy self as a leader . chambers' d'artangnan isn't a musketeer -- he's a mouseketeer ! and hyam's use of candles and torches to light the grime and filth of 17th century paris are well-noted , but that's the only standout in an overall flat production . 
" the animal " is a marginally inspired comedy that only manages to lumber along , generating just enough momentum to keep it from stalling . it's clunky and slow , like watching an 18-wheeler trying to accelerate up a hill . there are certainly better things you can do with your time . actually , if you've seen the trailer , then you already know the plot and have seen its funniest moments . the story centers on bland marvin ( rob schneider ) , who is an evidence clerk at the local police department that yearns to be a real officer . but he's afflicted with loser-itis . dogs attack him , neighbors torment him , children bully him , and his co-workers ignore him . truthfully , with his bad haircut ( seemingly modeled after weird al yankovic , little richard , and giant poodles ) and his unenthusiastic demeanor , we'd probably throw tomatoes at him just for fun . this is actually bad because you can't like a character if you can't develop sympathy for him . we never do , and it may be just as well that he drives off a cliff and plummets to the canyon floor . however , marvin is found by an eccentric doctor ( michael caton ) who uses a radical and experimental procedure to save him , implanting our doofus with various animal parts and organs . as a result , marvin develops heightened senses and increased agility and speed . he can smell drugs hidden anywhere on a body , swim with the speed of a dolphin , and can run as fast as a cheetah . imagine the comedic possibilities that arise from this operation . with his enhanced abilities , he could now reap vengeance on all those who have shunned him . however , the spirit of the film takes a raunchy turn , and instead , marvin spends most of his time trying to subdue or satiate his voracious appetite and his animalistic , sexual urges . goats beware ! he also chases cats , urinates to mark his territory , or growls at his enemies . what he should've done was stick his head in the sand like an ostrich . equally tenuous is its other running joke , which involves one of his friends ( guy torry ) who constantly complains that everyone is treating him too nicely because he's black . " it's reverse racism , " he declares as he blows smoke into the faces of strangers but none of them says anything . this element doesn't work the first time it's mentioned , and it becomes increasingly trite with every recurrence . you don't have to be as wise as an owl to realize that " the animal " is tame . if there's any reason to see this film , it's to see colleen haskell who makes her big screen debut . remember her ? she was voted off in week 11 of the 13-week program , " survivor . " here , she plays marvin's sunny love interest . while her role required very little actual acting , she seemed very comfortable ( even when marvin licks the side of her face like a lapping dog . . . yuck ! ) . with her adorable disposition , radiant smile , and playful innocence , she could be a meg ryan in the making . it's too bad that she's in such a mediocre offering 
michael richards leaves his spot as kramer on the infamous seinfeld tv sitcom for a stint as a lanky , goofy best friend to jeff daniels' lawyer character in this ill-fated , and unfunny , " comedy " . plot : richard the actor ( richards ) has to take the place of charles the lawyer ( daniels ) in a real court case , after charles is left unintelligible from a night of heavy drinking at his bachelor party . the film follows the antics of the two men as they try to get away with their tomfoolery . critique : this movie did not make me laugh once . perhaps it was because i was tired when i watched it . perhaps . perhaps it was because i had seen richards perform most of the same schtick a thousand times on seinfeld . perhaps . perhaps it was because the movie just wasn't funny . absolutely . the lack of humour wasn't the only issue that i had with this film either . the movie attempts to weave a couple of love stories through its vision , but unfortunately , they are also lacking in conviction , believability and credibility . they are contrived and appear to be placed into the story for convenience sake . the actors were all adequate enough in their roles , but the problem didn't lie in the acting . i wish i could find one good reason for you to see this waste of time , but i can't . unless of course , you need something playing on your tv set while you waste some time around the house . overall , this movie stinks . on the good side , charlize theron is darn cute , and the movie is no longer then 90 minutes . on the bad side , this movie is not funny , interesting or enjoyable in any which way possible . a person wouldn't even enjoy his nachos while watching this emptiness . please skip it . little known facts : jonathan lynn earned a degree in law from cambridge before becoming an actor/director . charlize theron grew up on a farm outside benoni , south africa , as the only child . at the age of 18 her mother made her go to los angeles to try a career in the movie industry . she came to la without knowing anyone in the city but after two weeks when she was standing in line on hollywood boulevard an agent gave her his card . after eight months in la she got her first part . since then she has taken acting lessons and her career has skyrocketed , specifically in devil's advocate ( 8/10 ) . charlize was narrowly beat out by elizabeth berkley for the lead role in the " movie " , showgirls . she was quoted as saying " it was like i had some guardian angel . " 
talk about a movie that seemed dated before it even hit the theaters ! spice world is the feature film debut of the pre-fabricated pop band , the spice girls . it's intended as a sort of hard day's night , but ends up simply hard to watch . when watching the spice girls , i'm reminded of an old saturday morning cartoon trick ( such as from the smurfs , the snorks , or teenage mutant ninja turtles ) in which identically animated creatures are differentiated into characters merely by one personality quirk and a different name . the spice girls are themselves as interchangable as pringles , and about as talented . there's ginger ( geri halliwell ) , the brainy one , sporty ( melanie chisholm ) , the athletic one , baby ( emma bunton ) , the childish one , posh ( victoria adams ) , the fashion-conscious one , and scary ( melanie brown ) , the one with a tongue pierced back so far you're almost certain the post sticks out her throat . the film itself doesn't really have a plot . it follows the girls as they travel here and there , culminating at their " first live performance " at albert hall . the action , however , seems more like a hodgepodge of mismatched ideas . the various misfires include : an alien encounter , a fiendish tabloid editor scheming to wreck the spice girls , the shooting of a spice girls documentary , a movie producer ( george wendt ) trying to pitch various ideas for a spice girls movie ( nearly all of which , though incredibly far fetched , seem more plausible than the mess with which they ended up ) , a meeting with a pregnant friend ( whose sole purpose seems to be to maintain the film maxim that all pregnant characters must give birth before the movie ends ) , a boating adventure , a bus race , club-hopping ( wherein apparently no one notices the famous spice girls among the crowd . . . even when they start to sing ) , and an assorted number of musical performances , press conferences , and general all-around celebrity stuff . whew . for some reason , the film is littered with star cameos . from elton john to elvis costello , from bob hoskins to meat loaf . heck , even roger moore shows up , though he can't decide if he's parodying himself as james bond , or if he's lobbying to be the reincarnation of ernst stavro blofeld . richard e . grant has the largest secondary part , a thankless role of the band's manager , clifford . the celebrity spotting is partially amusing , and a decent way to pass the time when confronted with the rest of the film . neither amusing or spontaneous , when the spice girls are between songs they are deadly boring . their songs are alright , but they play like lifeless adaptations of the music videos . my advice to fans is : stay home and watch that video collection , or at least spin that cd a couple of more times . . . either option will be more enjoyable than the film . non-fans should know to stay well away from this one . 
salaries of hollywood top actors are getting obscenely large these days and many find this to be the main reason for skyrocketing movie budgets . actors who demand such salaries might be greedy , but in some instances they are quite justified , because many films would never be watched or even made without their participation . proof for that can be found even in the realm of low-budget movies , and one fine example is breakaway , 1995 thriller directed by sean dash and starring ( in ) famous figure skater tonya harding . face of tonya harding is most prominently featured on movie's poster , but the main star of the film is terri thompson who plays myra , attractive woman who works as a courier for gangster . one day she decides to retire , but her employers are anything but enthusiastic about that . realising that her life suddenly became worthless , myra starts running for her life , followed by professional assassins . terri thompson being the actual star of the film instead of tonya harding becomes quite understandable after the scenes that feature former figure skater . although tonya harding displays convincing martial arts abilities , her acting leaves much to be desired . on the other hand , her disappointing efforts are hardly out of place in the film that lacks originality , believable characters and situations and actually represents anything that gave b-films a bad name . martin sheen's brother joe estevez , whose character looks like he had entered from another movies' set , is the only bright spot of breakaway . unfortunately , he appears in this film too little too late to prevent viewers from realising why tonya harding's silver screen debut proved to be her last film . 
there have been bad films in recent years : 'mr . magoo' was by far the worst ever made , the spectacularly bad 'blue in the face' , the horrible 'baby genuises' and now 'i woke up early the day i died' . it may not however be the worst movie made but it certainly ranks as one bad movie . the film's acting ( if that's what you want to call it ) is well mediocre to me . loaded with a sensational cast you would think that the cast would at least save the film a bit , boy was i wrong . after escaping from a mental institution 'the thief' played by billy zane goes out in the real world and finds that it is pretty harsh and gritty . he turns to burglary to survive , robs a loan back , kills the loan officer and runs with thousands . a country-wide man hunt is on for him to catch him and bring him down . he ends up in a cemetery where he puts his money in a coffin to keep it for later , comes back and realizes that someone took it and put it somewhere . now he is determined to kill all the visitors at the funeral earlier that day until he gets his money back , ultimately leading to a finale that is less that satisfying . a film which was based on a 'long-lost' script by ed wood , i have only one question : no dialogue , only music and movement where exactly is the point ? the film moves along at a rather slow pace , but does have one advantage : the soundtrack which is catchy and vibrant except the first song which can be offensive to some . it opens with a fun , innovative opening credits sequence and quickly goes downhill after that . some of the low points are when 'the thief' steals a woman's purse , and then she faints , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom 'the thief' kills to the music of 'psycho' . come on people get some new ideas already ! what's even worse is that the film has no plot at all . well to a certain extent it does , but who cares by the time the middle of the film arrives we're bored out of our mind and ready for something fun and exciting to happen . 'i woke up early the day i died' is a perfectly bad film . it shows us how low filmmakers get sometimes just when desperate to make a movie . even with the huge cast talent , the film is a waste of my time and certainly a waste of yours . 
the lives of older people in the twilight of their years attempting to come to grips with their shared histories and possible futures is a fascinating topic . finding an all-star cast for such a film is a stroke of genius . combining all that with a three-time oscar-winning director ( robert benton of " kramer vs . kramer " ) and creating a decidedly mediocre movie is the stuff of disappointment . in yet another noir mystery set in hollywood -- how many of these have we seen during the past few years ? -- the atmosphere is moody , the actors enjoyable to watch and the story goes nowhere . over-70 harry ross ( paul newman ) is a washed up cop-turned-private eye-turned man friday trying to figure out how to live what remains of his life . he's screwed up things pretty well ( " i had a wife and daughter . now , i'm a drunk ) and is at a crossroads . a couple of years ago , he traveled to mexico to bring back mel ( reese witherspoon ) , the under-age daughter of jack ( gene hackman ) and catherine ( susan sarandon ) ames and now lives with them . the ames are former movie stars , past their prime and the three have become fast friends . one gets the impression that ross is just hanging out waiting for something to wake him up . to fill his time , he does odd jobs for jack and falls in love with catherine . jack is in even worse shape than harry . he's dying of cancer with only a year to live . things do turn more exciting when jack asks harry to drop off a sealed manila envelope for him . instead of the routine errand that ross expects , he walks into a barrage of bullets from the gun of another ex-cop who is , himself , full of bloody holes . this unsettling event gives the former detective a project to throw himself into and launches an investigation that revolves around the mysterious disappearance of catherine's first husband 20 years before . through a series of very complex and convoluted plot devices that involve murder ; blackmail ; guns ; mel's mexico traveling partner and his parole officer ; ross's former cop buddies , ex-lover and would-be sidekick , the tale finally ends up exactly where everyone expects it to . it's a film noir tradition that the story twists and turns down side roads for an unexpected finale , but here the journey meanders towards an ending that no one cares about . the only surprises are exactly whose face fits which role in the scenario . by the time they show you , it doesn't matter . the storyline gets goofier and goofier exemplified in ross's relationship with rubin ( giancarlo esposito ) , a partner wannabe . these scenes are obviously designed to be comic relief , however they are neither . rubin and ross have some past relationship but either it's not explained or i didn't care enough at that point to remember . a running joke about where harry was supposedly shot while in mexico is probably meant to mirror his questions about whether he is still able to perform . it's also not funny , doesn't connect and keeps on showing up long after it has run its course . on the positive side , it's often enjoyable to watch the seasoned actors on the screen . the three leads all have well-deserved academy awards and turn in accomplished , if not extraordinary jobs . newman is a grand actor , but doesn't seem quite suited to the dark film style . he is a bit too clean and understated to come across as desperate and down and out . hackman , also low-key , is believable but lacks sparkle . sarandon comes across well as an sultry older babe although she is one-dimensional . the actors do what they can with lame dialog , but they can't pull the film out of the hole it's dug for itself . james garner who plays ross's old buddy ex-cop raymond hope is always a treat , but even he half-heartedly struggles through lines like " i'm glad they didn't shoot your pecker off . " the best part of the film is the look at old friends , how their relationships change over the years and the difficult choices they must make . the genuinely easy and casual interactions among the actors hint that being on the set was much more interesting than what ended up on the screen the film doesn't run very long before the audience realizes that it's hopeless . the only reason for watching is the actors . it reminds me of disaster movies such as " towering inferno " where the star power is supposed to make everyone ignore the film's problems . in a better world , there would have been second-rate actors in this second-rate movie and the ones here would have been saved for something better . of course , we don't live in that better world , but you could make yours a little nicer by choosing a different movie . 
if anything , " stigmata " should be taken as a warning against releasing similarly-themed films relatively close to one another . of the four supernatural horror flicks released this year , it is clearly the worst . i suppose i should have seen this coming . after all , " blair witch " thoroughly creeped me out , " sixth sense " was mildly spooky , and then " stir of echoes " had its moments , but wasn't anything i'd lose sleep over . clearly , the quality of the horror this summer has slowly been dropping . is it then any surprise that " stigmata " is the dullest , most horribly executed piece of mtv-influenced tripe i have seen in a long while ? no , not really . patricia arquette plays frankie page , a hairdresser from pittsburgh who receives a rosary as a gift from her globe-trotting mother . as it turns out , the rosary belonged to a recently-deceased brazilian priest . the priest's church had been under investigation by father andrew kiernan ( gabriel byrne ) because of the mysterious appearance of a bleeding statue . father kiernan is an investigator who has made a career out of disproving supposed religious signs , but this time he believes there is something to the bleeding statue . his investigation is soon called off , however , when the frankie starts exhibiting signs of the stigmata , in which a person is inflicted with wounds like that of jesus christ . father kiernan is initially skeptical of frankie' s story , considering she's an atheist , but once he witnesses the stigmata attacks himself , he dedicates himself to finding out what is going on . he eventually begins to suspect that his boss , cardinal houseman ( jonathan pryce ) , is concealing something that could bring down the catholic church . as it turns out , the dead priest had been working on the translation of a " fifth gospel " before they were excommunicated . the new rupert wainwright music video . . . i mean film " stigmata " is the sort of film that starts off ok and only gets worse . indeed , it would have been good if it were a music video , because it's only interesting for about five minutes . i'm not sure what wainwright is trying to prove with his endless parade of slow-motion , double-exposure , and extreme close-ups ( whoaaaaaa ! ! ! ! ) , other than the fact that he has the most swelled head of any director in hollywood and , yes , he has been to film school . his camera trickery is interesting for a little while , but eventually , it becomes headache-inducing . what this film needed is a second audio track to be played over the dialogue ( such as it is ) , with wainwright screaming at the audience , " see ? look at what i can do ! i'm an ex-cellent dir-ect-or . " maybe then he'd explain why he decided to start half of his scenes with slow-motion shots of water dripping in reverse , or why he included random superfluous shots as that of an egg frying ( ooh , scary ! ) . if there was some underlying meaning behind all this camera trickery , i didn't see it . just when you thought it was safe to get involved in the story , here comes a double-exposure shot of two patricia arquettes collapsing into bed for no reason whatsoever . arrrrrrrghhhh . . . then again , the superfluous camera trickery wouldn't bother me if " stigmata " had a story or characters that were remotely engaging . though wainwright's vanity certainly doesn't help , he does seem to have been given a nearly unworkable script . where are plot continuity and character development when you need them ? case in point : frankie page is the character that ( i assume ) we are supposed to identify and sympathize with , but we aren't given any back story on her character , or any reason to like her . the extent of her character development seems to be that she is a hard-working hairdresser ( who can somehow afford a cavernous apartment on the top floor of her building ) and she's kind of cute , so let's start the bleeding ! the fact that she's clearly not the brightest bulb in the drawer doesn't help , either . according to frankie page , what is the first thing to do after receiving mysterious wounds on your wrists and back ? go clubbing ! sure , that makes sense . arquette , byrne , and pryce give it the old college try , but their characters are so one-dimensional that they just appear to be sleepwalking . scenes between arquette and byrne that were probably supposed to be sexually charged fall almost embarrassingly flat , because the setup of the romantic subplot is so clumsily handled that it almost reaches the point of becoming laughable . even though frankie page's life is falling apart before her very eyes , she still finds the time to hit on a priest who wanders in to her hair salon . even more curiously , he seems to be interested in her advances . father andrew's religious doubt pops up so suddenly that it seems more silly than dramatic . as for pryce , he may as well wear a curled mustache and cackle , " i'll get you , my pretty , " for all the depth his cardinal houseman is afforded . trust me , i'm not revealing anything by telling you pryce turns out to be a villain . what's worse , after being faced with dull characters and the prospect of having annoying camera tricks and loud music jammed down our throats , we now have to contend with a story that starts off in one direction , veers off in another , then another , and ends up being totally incomprehensible . first of all , the film doesn't even bother to explain what should be very simple plot details . how does frankie get the stigmata merely by touching a rosary ? how come an atheist like her was chosen , since father andrew mentions that only very devout believers have ever received stigmata ? actually , i'm not sure what frankie was posessed by . supposedly , stigmata occurs when one is posessed by the holy spirit , but the film later has her being posessed by the dead priest , and later by some evil spirit ( i think ) . which one is it ? the answer to this question , of course , is very simple : the possessing entity in each scene is determined by whichever effects and flashy camera work mr . wainwright wants to use this time . furthermore , the ending is a ridiculously neat little wrap-up , and the filmmakers compound this problem by ultimately turning the film into a diatribe against the catholic church . if you do any research at all about the gospel of st . thomas , you'll find that it is not being suppressed by the church ( as the film seems to claim ) , but that it is readily available at your local library . there's nothing the catholics need to worry about , though . " stigmata's " religion is so off-base that it can't be confused for anything remotely resembling the real catholic church . if they wanted to portray catholic priests as mobsters , they should have gone all-out and equipped them with sharkskin suits and tommy guns , which would have been far more interesting . i'm not catholic ; in fact , i don 't care much for the catholic church , but its cartoonish misrepresentation in this film should not be considered realistic by any means . it's rare to see a film that fails on as many levels as " stigmata " does . it' s not thought-provoking , though it would like to be , and it is definitely not scary , though it pretends to be . i'm not sure why they tried to pass this off as a horror film , because there is absolutely nothing scary about the story . maybe it's an attempt to cover up the fact that none of the scenes have any dramatic weight whatsoever . the initial shock of seeing arquette covered with blood is dulled by the fact that it happens over , and over , and over . like so many films of the mtv generation , this one suffers from overkill . so much is overdone in " stigmata , " that it eventually has no effect on the audience , leaving us to pick out the film's ( many ) flaws . i'm also still trying to figure out why the quotation they take from the gospel of st . thomas is so earth-shattering . when we finally hear it , the saying sounds like something every five-year-old learns on their first day of sunday school , which means that for all its flash , the whole film is really much ado about nothing . the dog days of summer usually produce one monstrous dog , and " stigmata " is it . 
i can imagine how good krippendorf's tribe must have looked on paper . it does not surprise me in the least that a group of extremely talented actors , led by the great richard dreyfuss and a good director ( todd holland ) , all wanted to make this film . in fact , it is only the expertise by which this excruciatingly bad script has been executed that keeps me from suggesting that you stay as far away from krippendorf's tribe as possible . in retrospect , i can imagine how bad this film could have been . i shudder at the possibilities of awfulness had it starred an actor less able than dreyfuss . dreyfuss plays james krippendorf , an anthropologist who is granted $100 , 000 by his university to find an undiscovered tribe in new guinea . halfway into his two-year expedition , his wife ( apparently ) dies . i say apparently because when or how she dies is never truly established . later , we find out that much of the grant money was spent on big-screen tvs and other such pleasures . so , when krippendorf finds out what happens to professors who do not use their grant money wisely , he decides to construct an elaborate lie . he makes his own tribe , using his three children as actors in a video . he simply makes up certain incredible facts about this tribe ( which he calls the shelmickedmu ) . audiences at krippendorf's lectures are amazed by his findings that the shelmickedmu practice circumcision . and proof that the typical family unit is led by a single father is truly amazing to the anthropological community . like all films like this , the lie becomes more and more complex , and the suspense is generated with us wondering at what point it is all going to fall out from under our hero . dreyfuss is a funny , talented man , and he is funny in this film . he has lots of positive energy and , unlike most comical actors , really manages to play people like this realistically . this film also requires a lot of physical humor that i've never seen dreyfuss perform , and he does a great job . jenna elfman , who plays veronica mecilli , a scientist who wants in on krippendorf's work , is also very funny and appealing here . and the kid actors are great , as well . but we're talking about the script from hell . this is one of those stories that requires such extreme suspension of disbelief that they might as well have established that the story just takes place in an alternate universe where things like this can happen . but the ridiculousness of the story is not really what is so bad about it . all the cliches and the irritating plot devices could have easily been overcome by dreyfuss and crew . no , the script is plagued with so many clueless stereotypes and mean-spirited characters that i was in disbelief as i watched . furthermore , the manor in which all of this material is covered up is truly shameless . take , for instance , the scene in which krippendorf gets veronica drunk so he can tape them having sex . they get all decked out in the tribe getup , complete with paint to darken their skin . krippendorf does this because he needs footage of the mating rituals of his tribe . now , i saw this scene coming from a mile away , but i said to myself , " no , that would be far too tasteless . there's no way they'll do that . . . oh god ! " they did do it . it's there . i was almost more appalled by the fact that this didn't bother the other audience members with whom i saw this film . i found it deplorable . and when krippendorf is forced to admit that he did it , he simply apologizes without the slightest hint of conviction in his voice . the film is filled with scenes like these . they not only insult the audience , but they insult the types of people that the film portrays . it would take some truly professional work to create videos convincing enough to fool an entire community of scientists , yet krippendorf does it easily in an afternoon . and watching dreyfuss stumble over a completely unprepared speech is funny and entertaining , but i think that most members of the on-screen audience would be able to see that he is making everything up as he goes . if i were an anthropologist , this film would insult me immensely . moving right along , the film plays off every stereotype our culture has ever learned regarding african tribes . sure , dreyfuss dressing up like a chief is really funny , and it allows for some entertaining scenes , but the heart of this material is deeply clueless as to the themes and thoughts that it provokes . it is because of dreyfuss as an actor that i was able to watch this film . his character here is not a good subject for a film because he is a shameless liar , and never once does he show any kind of penance for what he does . i suppose it was interesting to see the formula defied in this case , but for the purposes of good taste , i would have expected something . no , this man sets a terrible example for his kids and colleagues , and the writer of the film ( charlie peters ) didn't include a single scene in which krippendorf takes his kids aside and tells them that what he is doing is very bad . in fact , it's his eldest daughter that frequently tells him that he is doing the wrong thing , and he continually shrugs off her warnings . i suppose it's important to admit that this is a funny film . dreyfuss and elfman , and many of the contrived and insulting scenes , add up to a picture that is anything but boring . and if you're less serious than i , you probably will enjoy it . i , however , can't get past these elements . krippendorf's tribe is being marketed as a family comedy , but this is the kind of film that teaches the kids of our society faulty lessons that they shouldn't be learning . with a little more insight into its story and themes , this could have been a good movie . 
while i am not fond of any writer's use of cheap , easy puns , i am not completely above using them myself when the situation merits it ( witness my review of _pecker_ from a couple of issues ago ) . so here goes : the juvenile , college-set black comedy _dead_man_on_campus_ is dead on arrival . strait-laced med student josh ( tom everett scott , who manages to remain somewhat likable throughout ) 's blemish-free academic record breaks out into fs , thanks to the influence of his ever-partying roommate , cooper ( mark-paul gosselaar ) , who introduces josh to the sex- and booze-filled nights that come with university life . with the threat of losing an academic scholarship ( josh ) and a life cleaning toilets for his dad looming ( cooper ) , what are two good-hearted slackers to do ? easy--look for a loophole , which they find in the form of an unbelievable rule in the school charter that states that if a student's ( or students' ) roommate commits suicide , the surviving student ( s ) shall receive straight as . so instead of studying , josh and cooper attempt to seek out the most depressed student out there , move him into their dorm room , and drive him to suicide before the semester ends . director alan cohn and screenwriters michael traeger and mike white ( working from a story by anthony abrams and adam larson broder ) take their sweet time to build the head of steam that comes with josh and cooper's diabolical plot . until then , the usual boring cliches of college life ( booze , sex , more booze ) fill the time , which is made to feel longer by _saved_by_the_bell_ alumnus gosselaar's sitcom-bred mugging . that said , once cohn and company do build some comic momentum , they mishandle it . the introduction of the manic , psychotic cliff ( lochlyn munro ) , a potential roommate for josh and cooper , brings some demented life to the uninspired proceedings before being hastily written out in favor of two less interesting candidates : paranoid nerd buckley ( randy pearlstein ) and british death rocker matt ( corey page ) . one wishes that cliff would reappear , but , as they say , be careful what you wish for . not surprisingly , he does resurface , and it then becomes clear that this is a character that is best taken in a small dose ; almost immediately , his extended boorish and sociopathic antics loses its novelty . the same can be said about all of _dead_man_on_campus_ . whatever morbid appeal the far-fetched premise has quickly evaporates , and the self-absorbed characters , especially cooper , pretty much grate from the get-go . _dead_man_ doesn't grow tiresome ; it already _is_ once the clever opening titles are through . as it slogs along to a cheesy , happy-for-all-parties conclusion , _dead_man_ lives up to its title and then some--not only does the movie grow even more tired and die , it still insists on going on . . . like a zombie . 
i've got to admit it . . . i'm a huge jim carrey fan . i loved the first ace ventura , as well as the mask and dumb and dumber--and even in batman forever ( which was a pretty awful movie ) , carrey was one of the few people to come off looking reasonably good . until i saw ace ventura 2 , i had no idea how people could find the guy annoying . sadly , ace ventura 2 shows just how irritating and annoying carrey can be . carrey goes through the same schtick he went through in the first ace movie , but this time it is no longer funny--it is just a rehash of many of the same jokes used in ace i . the plot sees pet detective ace ventura retiring after failing to save a raccoon ( in a reasonable cliffhanger spoof ) . soon he is called out of retirement to find a bat which was kidnapped and , if not returned in four days , will cause two warring african tribes to destroy each other . once again , it's up to ace to save the day , using his uncanny detective skills . those who have been disappointed by carrey's more restrained roles in the films following the first ace ventura may be glad to see him over-acting to the best of his ability , but some may be disappointed by the fact that this sequel doesn't capture the feel of the original . the original benefited from what looked to be carrey's constant hyped-up improv sequences , which were hysterically funny . here , however , the tighter script ( which is reminiscent of the old disney telemovies ) takes the improvised material from the first , and shamelessly recycles it in the new movie , giving carrey little chance to improvise . instead , his extremely funny manner has been reduced to just walking around stupidly . but one of the biggest problems i had was with the character of ventura himself . in the first movie , he was always cool , and one step ahead of every one else--perfect for carrey's off-the-wall approach . but here , ventura is made to look a lot stupider , and is often made out as the straight guy--a role which is definitely not carrey's style . there are definitely some very funny moments , but they are few and far between . they are also nowhere near as funny as anything carrey did in the first ace ventura , or even dumb and dumber . 
in a typical cinematic high school , the football jocks have sex with the girls and then dump them , but not before the boys' scores are dutifully recorded in their little black books . as the sexual acts take place , the other guys hang out nearby , guzzling beer and grunting like pigs . in the rage : carrie 2 , robert mandel's terminally bland sequel to carrie , there isn't a single original moment . only amy irving returns from carrie , and the talent of the rest of the sequel's cast is impossible to determine given the stupefying mediocrity of rafael moreu's script . as rachel , the horror story's lead , emily bergl gives one of the least scary performances in recent memory , but it isn't exactly her fault . the director asks for little from his actors , which is precisely what he gets . sporadically in this lame and lifeless movie , rachel will cause school lockers and windows to fly open , but generally she just mopes around looking like a victim . her fellow students delight in tormenting her . of course , she will get her revenge in the obligatory ending bloodbath in which she will decapitate and castrate the boys and crush the girls with burning timbers . as the movie marks time until its big finale , it throws in some repugnant scenes , hoping to turn audience's stomachs . rachel's girlfriend commits a horrible and realistic suicide after the boy who made " love " to her the night before spurns her . ( he gets major points in his black book for this , but his buddies say he would have gotten more if he had had sex with her after her death . ) even a helpless puppy is run over , and we see his poor , little body flipping over and over under a truck . the teenagers in the movie are completely blas ? about it all . " doesn't it offend you that some girl offed herself yesterday , " asks one of the few kids with a conscience . " why ? " responds his nonplussed girlfriend . " she wasn't anybody . " remarkably devoid of any energy , especially for a horror flick , the movie makes one yearn for a fast forward button on the theater's armrest . with material this bad , the film's only hope is to go for parody , but it isn't smart enough to realize it . even the mandatory epilogue is as pointless and predictable as the rest of the movie . the rage : carrie 2 runs 1 : 45 . it is rated r for graphic violence , teen alcohol abuse , sex , nudity and profanity and would be acceptable only for older teenagers . 
after the recent animated debacles of , " a rugrats movie , " and " a bug's life , " i am seriously considering raising my highly negative rating on dreamworks' other insect film from october , " antz . " i hated that movie , and yet , it is so much better than these latest two excursions . " a bug's life , " is the second animated insect film in the last two months , and i hoped for the best , considering it was done in the wonderful style of pixar's last film , 1995's " toy story , " but in no way does , " a bug's life , " even remotely match up to that . flik ( david foley ) , an ant , who along with his many comrades , has the job every year of gathering up the seasonal harvest , only to have to give half of it away to the dominating grasshoppers , led by hopper ( kevin spacey ) . flik , however , feels all alone and unwanted in the world , especially after he accidentally loses all of their food , and the ants are threated by hopper to gather up a whole other season's load by the time the last summer leaf falls from the trees . banished from ant island , flik leaves the colony in search of some strong reinforcement to help out , but through a misunderstanding , returns with a handful of helpless circus bugs , including a walking stick ( david hyde pierce ) , a dung beetle ( brad garrett ) , a gypsy moth ( madeline kahn ) , a male ladybug ( denis leary ) , and a caterpillar ( joe ranft ) . " a bug's life , " has one thing going for it . only one thing . with its glorious , bright colors , the computer-generated animation is a spectacle to look at . the film itself , unfortunately , is a lifeless , unamusing contraption without any of the flair or excitement of , " toy story . " the characters in , " a bug's life , " are an assortment of either unlikable or dull insects without any charm or personality , other than to stand around and recite arbitrary and thoroughly unfunny one-liners . the thin story was also stretched out to a nearly unbearable 94 minutes , and it often felt as if they ran out of ideas throughout , and so they made up pointless scenes to pass as time-filler . after giving such scathing reviews to the animated films from this year , i was beginning to think that i had simply outgrown them , but then i realized this is just not so . i still adore almost all of the older disney films , and many of the newer ones , such as 1989's , " the little mermaid , " 1991's , " beauty and the beast , " 1993's , " the nightmare before christmas , " and yes , 1995's , " toy story . " maybe this has just been a bad year for children's films , and hopefully , the upcoming , " the prince of egypt , " will not be a disappointment . as for , " a bug's life , " i did not enjoy anything about it . not the story , not the characters , and not even the voiceover work , which was far more lively in , " antz . " " a bug's life , " goes down as yet another failure for disney , and it is a sad state of affairs when their best film in the last two years has been the minor jonathan taylor thomas picture , " i'll be home for christmas . " 
ever watch a very young child try and tell a joke that is beyond his , or her , sophistication ? it's full of stops and starts and usually , the punch line is ruined . i felt the same way watching drowning mona . skip a stone across water and you approximate the depth of this attempt at an ensemble comedy . there are some slightly successful attempts at humor , but they only serve as window dressing . there is a running gag about the town , verplanck , n . y . , being a test town for the then new yugo . everyone drives a yugo , differentiating their cars with personalized license plates . even the police chief drives one . there is a certain sublimeness to the image of a lights and siren decked out yugo skittering its way through the town streets . there also is a running gag about one of the characters , jeff , missing a hand and how it occurred . it pokes gentle fun at the notion of urban legends . it turns out the truth is more horrifying than any legend . there are some sight gags that pop up as well , such as mona's tombstone , which reads " demoted " , instead of devoted . still , the core of the story maintains the flatness of a still pond . the lynchpin of the film falls on the redundant and sporadic scenes involving mona ( midler ) . each scene with her is the same : scream at someone , hit someone , then scream some more . there's no uniqueness or modulation to her or explanation for her meanness . anyone off the street could have played the role , such as it is . the other characters are walking cardboard cutouts . each one is defined by one trait and no further attempt is made at deeper characterization . there is a burly , female car mechanic , so of course , there is a forced lesbianism gag . mona's son , jeff ( marcus thomas ) is a simpleton , hence you can predict his dialogue before it even plods its way from his mouth . chief of police rash ( devito ) likes broadway musicals and loves his daughter . there's nothing more to him . elle , the chief's daughter ( campbell ) , is bland personified , a dutiful girl with no higher aspiration than to have a child and be married . mona's husband phil ( fichtner ) jeckle and hydes from shirking coward to reptilian letch . bob ( affleck ) , elle's betrothed , and business partner to jeff , is a mumbling , obvious dullard . there is no contrast to any of the characters . by having at least one character with some wit , or wits , to serve as counterpoint to the others , perhaps steinfeld's attempt at satirizing a small town infested with ambitionless people might have come off better . ostensibly a murder mystery , drowning mona gives you almost all the clues immediately , then lets you sit back and feel superior as you watch the cast of paper people fumble their way to finding the killer , who could be anyone due to mona's loving manner with everyone on town . even that aspect of the film fails , throwing in a convenient , ridiculous and unsatisfying wrap to things . it's been a while since i walked away from a movie theater in an angry mood . what makes it all the more remarkable is that i rarely remember a comedy making me so angry for wasting my time at it's ineptitude . 
ladies and gentlemen , payback is the most expensive episode of " the equalizer " i've ever seen . gibson plays porter , a burglar shot and left for dead by his wife ( deborah kara unger , in an all-too-brief cameo ) and partner ( henry ) after a successful heist . as a morgue attendant sets about removing the bullets from porter's back , porter miraculously springs back to life . he makes it his mission , as a walking dead man without a conscience , to exact revenge on those who screwed him and reclaim his share of the loot . ( in a running gag , porter demands $70 000 , but everybody mishears him and assumes he's after the entire $130 000 haul . ) in his travels ( or travails ) , porter encounters several other one-named villainous cretins like fairfax ( james coburn as a white-haired , millionaire thief ) and carter ( kristofferson , as a brown-haired , millionaire thief-the kingpin of the obligatory " operation " ) . helgeland's film ( which was recut by mel the producer ) is devoid of an imperative dime store charm . the novelty of seeing a big movie star mercilessly dispatching criminals wears off quickly : a ) because the bad guys can only be differentiated by their coifs , and b ) because mel's schtick doesn't evolve from act one-he's the terminator stranded in a plot without a sci-fi hook to keep us interested after the initial sadistic thrill is gone . payback should have been called playback : it's a 102-minute loop of the same short sequence . ( mel : " i want my money . " anonymous villain : " no . " mel shoots gun . anonymous villain dies . mel meets up with his hooker friend ( bello ) . second verse , same as the first . ) it's not porter's single-mindedness that robs the film of snap , crackle , and pop ; as a character who has already " died " once , he has nothing to lose and so much to gain . the movie lacks danger . the only thing porter is in jeopardy of is putting the audience to sleep . payback has a gritty , metallic look to it that also becomes monotonous ; its cinematography would be more appropriate in one of those bleak urban psychodramas that come out of england every couple of months . ( director of photography ericson core should have been fired early on for lighting bello , so va-va-va-voom in permanant midnight , to look like a potato in a gregg allman wig . ) to analyze such mediocrity is to grant payback far more attention than it deserves . perhaps only someone as experienced with antagonists-as-protagonists as tarantino-look what he did with the similar hero-less botched-robbery tale reservoir dogs-could have pulled off this material ( a loose remake of john boorman's point blank ) . the movie presents us with the conventions of pulp fiction ( all women are femme fatales ; even the cops are in on it , etc . ) and crosses them with the conventions of cheesy tv crime melodramas ( death is never in the cards for the main character , etc . ) but transcends neither . 
susan granger's review of " jeepers creepers " ( mgm/ua entertainment ) this nasty , little horror film begins as a bickering brother ( justin long ) and sister ( gina philips ) are driving through the desolate countryside on their way home from college and spy a man dropping wrapped-up bodies down a drainage pipe . when long decides to investigate , there's nothing but trouble . " you know the part in scary movies where somebody does something really stupid and everybody hates them for it ? - well , this is it ! " philips warns . what he finds in the basement of an old , abandoned church is a dying boy with a horrifying , jagged-stitched incision from his neck to his navel , plus hundreds of other mutilated bodies , stitched together on the walls and ceiling like a disgusting tapestry . long flees but now the monstrous , winged creeper ( jonathan breck ) is after both of them ! eileen brennan appears briefly as the cat lady and patricia belcher is jezelle , a psychic who explains the evil creature's bizarre feeding habits . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " jeepers creepers " is a fiendishly visceral 2 with an extraordinarily gruesome conclusion , giving new meaning to the old song " jeepers creepers . " and now - as paul harvey would say - for the rest of the story . what's more scary than the cruelty of the satanic film itself is the fact that writer/director victor salva is a convicted child molester who videotaped himself having oral sex with a 12 year-old actor in california . sentenced to three years in prison , he served 15 months and completed parole in 1992 . when salva made " powder " ( 1995 ) , the story of an albino boy with supernatural abilities , disney studio executives claimed that they did not know about his prior conviction as a pedophile . and now , once again , in this mgm/ua film , that fact is conspicuously absent from his press kit bio . 
this is crap , but , honestly , what older american audience is going to be able to resist seeing jack lemmon and james garner as bicker- ing ex-presidents ? especially when their supporting players in- clude dan aykroyd as the current commander in chief , lauren bacall as a former first lady , and john heard as the dan quayle-ish vice president . yup , you're talkin' pre-sold property here and , for warner brothers , the perfect fit into their now-ritual grumpy old men holiday slot . for the non-discriminating viewer , my fellow americans is fine . the raw star power alone will have audiences applauding this atrocious political- thriller road-comedy . ( they did in mine , heaven help us . ) for the rest of us , the movie is immediately tiresome . the tone is terrible and the banter is worse . forget wit-- lemmon and garner merely exchange profanities through most of the movie . ( has anyone counted the number of first penis references ? ) sure , some of the bits are absurdly funny , including a men's room macarena joke , the appearance of an elvis impersonator on a trainload of tarheels , and an all dorothy marching band performing " over the rainbow " at a gay men's march . the get there from here , though , you have to submit to one of the most offensively overbearing musical scores of all time . judas priest , is there a single moment of silence in this film ? even the dialogue gets drowned out . what a waste . 
this well-conceived but ultra sugary coming-of-age film is not for everyone , and i include myself as one of those who found it too sappy for my digestion . joseph cross ( joshua beal ) is a 10-year-old who is saddened by the recent loss of his grandfather ( loggia ) to bone marrow cancer . loggia is wonderful in relating to the child in such a wholesome manner , it almost saves this film from drowning in syrup . the beals are like a sitcom idyllic family , where everyone is just so nice and affluent , and properly religious without being fanatical . the beals , the father ( denis leary ) and his wife ( dana delany ) , are both successful doctors ; julia stiles plays joshua's older sister , needling her younger brother but also showing that she really cares about him . this is a family seemingly conceived in heaven , but living in south philadelphia , sending their children to a well-run catholic school . joshua , the protagonist and the narrator of this yarn , is a handsome , sweet , intelligent , friendly , and endearing child , who does well in school , relates to the nuns and priests , and talks politely to his well-meaning parents . all this mawkish interplay makes it almost too nauseating to watch . the plot arises when joseph has a problem coping with the death of his beloved grandfather , who promised to be with him forever . his answer is to search for god , pretty heady stuff for a youngster his age to do , but that's just the way it is , sometimes . this search for god takes us nowhere because , as his friend david ( reifsnyder ) says , where can you look for him if he doesn't exist . now , that's a smart kid . but joseph looks for him in the usual places , and what better place than to start in the parochial school he attends . one of his teachers is the kind-hearted sister terry ( rosie o'donnell ) , who wears a philly baseball hat and equates the jesus stories with baseball , making him the clean-up hitter , and in my opinion , if she wasn't a big tv star , would have a vocation as a parochial school teacher , she is that convincing . throughout the film , she is saved from answering any tough ( sic ! ) question about god by the bell , as it rings to end the class . nothing much happens in the search for god , there is no parody of the catholic school ; though a visiting cardinal is found by the boy not to be able to talk to god , but this is gentle stuff , no real criticism or search for god is attempted . what comes next into play is some hollywood hokum , which is designed not to upset anyone , as joseph has a reassuring encounter with a real , live angel , a blond little boy his own age and dressed like him in the catholic school uniform who wears the innocuous smile of a goody-goody . the film ends as this angel ( ! ! ! ) tells him his grandfather is all right . his quest is ended , as apparently angels don't have wings and are approachable ; and god , well , . . . maybe that's for another film down the road . this part of the film was the final straw for me , i couldn't swallow any more goo . as this film flopped commercially , his next one , the sixth sense , pared down the schmaltz and came up smelling like a rose . though if you look through the cleverness of both scripts , this director is loaded with hokum , all he has learned how to do , is hide the hokum better . well , god bless him , if he can do that . this is a nice family picture and there is room for it in hollywood . it's just too bad that it had nothing relevent or even truthful to say about death , children in a parochial elementary school , or for that matter , about god . and that family of his , they're too good for words . yet the film meant well and its benign message had its heart in the right place . for those who want to see something soft , without a bite to it , this is the one . 
remember back in the mid 1990s when crime and macabre movies were all the rage ? " pulp fiction " and " fargo " both managed to get oscar nominations for the best picture , and not surprisingly , a slew of rip-offs followed in the years thereafter . that fad seems to be over but here comes christopher mcquarrie writing and directing " the way of the gun " that at first glance looks like another of those wanna-be's but upon closer inspection doesn't look like anything comprehendable . it's a crime story so wrapped up in its own little world it has a claustrophobic atmosphere - a film that won't allow the story much room to expand outside its handful of characters and somehow still manages to turn a simple premise into something so complex its ridiculous . complexity should come as no surprise to anyone who's familiar with mcquarrie , he wrote " the usual suspects , " which has become a cult favorite despite little critical acclaim . that film had a great story and was well directed but had such an elaborate , confusing screenplay it leaves many viewers scratching their heads after repeated viewings . you have to wonder if mcquarrie really had everything mapped out or if he was going for the hollywood idea that " if it's really confusing and about criminals and cops that makes it fascinating . " with " the way of the gun " mcquarrie seems to be capitalizing on the same idea , but this time the story is far less commercial - a shame because maybe that would have helped . the film tells the story of two drifters with no ambition and barely a reason to live but aren't hell-bent on death either ( played by ryan phillipie and benecio del toro ) . they get lucky when they hear about a scheme between a big-shot exec guy and his trophy wife who are going to have a baby through in vitro fertilization . they figure they can kidnap the surrogate mother ( played by juliette lewis ) and get a nice ransom . along the way we continually learn of the shady dealings between the exec , his wife , their hired goons and the " bag man " ( played by james caan - the only actor in the film who looks like he knows what he's doing ) . the exec is some kind of money launderer so he obviously can't call the authorities for help . his goons and the bag man are on the kidnappers' trail and each make different offers to get the mother back . the exec's son is a doctor who also gets pulled into the fray and wants to make sure his patient is all right . meanwhile each of these characters has something hidden up their collective sleeves and the double-crosses , secret love affairs and torrid pasts come as no surprise even though little of it has any relevance at all . mcquarrie doesn't know the meaning of the word simple . he seems to be more interested in showing us how clever he is than making a good movie . everything has to be complicated and confusing , so much so that it's to the point of surrealism . nothing is what it seems in this reality , it's one of those movies where you get dropped right into the middle of the criminal world and are expected to know most of the industry's rules and regulations . every scene with caan's character exemplifies this perfectly - the kidnappers already know who he is and even chat with him , getting into conversations about " the business " and how it works and we're hardly given a clue as to what they're talking about . these characters are probably supposed to be great criminal sketches but they're more like ideas ripped-off from sketches found in david mamet's trash . no one here really acts like a real person , and the story is even further removed from reality . it's like a dream without any appeal . take the opening scene for example ; the phillipe and del toro characters are in a parking lot across the street from a bar or a club counting their money and stuff . they sit on a brand-new mercedes and the car alarm goes off , the owner is waiting in line and yells at them to get away from his car but they don't move . the guy and his loud-mouth , potty-mouth girlfriend and about 20 other people cross the street and gang up on them . you'd think phillipe ? and del toro are ? going to pull out guns and scare them away but they don't , instead phillipe throws one punch and the two get beat down by a mob . there's a lot of things i didn't understand about this scene : first of all the owner of the mercedes isn't some yuppie or old rich snob , he's like a hippie straight out of the 60s . secondly , the two main characters seem to believe that they can actually take on the mob unarmed . lastly , it serves no purpose in the long run because later in the film the two are packing more artillery than a small country's army . if they were suicidal they wouldn't have gone on the kidnapping job in the first place ( and where they get all those guns is never explained either ) . there's a lot more i could pick apart about this film but that would be an exercise in futility . what it all comes down to is that nothing here is what it seems - which would be great if this movie were about pretty much any other story than what it is . absolutely none of the characters are likable or believable . and it's all coated with a thin layer of black comedy which is good for a chuckle here and there but this film is definitely not a flat-out black comedy and its use of such seems like a desperate attempt to kill screen time . with any film you see , whether you like it or not , you can at least understand what the appeal was to it , why someone would want to make it and why someone would want to see it . i can't say either for " the way of the gun , " because it has very little going for it and i can't imagine anyone intelligently defending it . 
if you have ever seen fox tv's special car chase programs , you'll have a good idea about the content of ronin , the new action " thriller " from director john frankenheimer . the film involves a mysterious briefcase , that several groups of terrorist want to get their hands on . an irish women , dierdre ( played by the truman show's natascha mcelhone ) , hires a group of mercenaries to assist her in getting the briefcase . among the people she hires are sam ( robert de niro ) , vincent ( jean reno ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsg ? rd from good will hunting ) . dierdre's groups assignment is too seize the briefcase while the current owners are transporting it . they accomplish this task , but a traitor is in the bunch and the briefcase is soon on the run again . the briefcase stays on the run , as the movie leads the viewer through several plot twists that are badly executed . the writer seemed to be attempting to make a smart action movie , but failed to understand that just because there are surprises , it doesn't add too the credibility of a senseless script . the plot twists get no reaction because they come at a time where no one cares what is going on , after the apparent climax of the film . but to add to the excitement , as i mentioned earlier , there are endless car chase scenes . they are unrealistic and fail to add anything to the story . don't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here . we never do find out what's in the briefcase , but i doubt anyone cares by the time they finish sitting through this two hour long attempted thriller . 
one of the most blatantly obvious signs that often-acclaimed director sidney lumet's " gloria , " a remake of the 1980 john cassavetes film , had absolutely no effect on me occurred when i was driving home from the theatre . suddenly , i realized that since i had stood up from my theatre seat five minutes before , i had not thought once about the film i had just invested nearly two hours of my life in . when a movie is over , aren't we supposed to think about it for a while , and have a conversation about it with the acquaintances we have just watched it with ? i thought so , but , for one , i saw this particular picture by myself , and #2 , even if i had been with someone there wouldn't have been anything to talk about in the first place . to be sure , " gloria " begins with a stirring , rather poignant prologue in which a seven-year-old boy's family is brutally gunned down by mobsters , in search of a disc his father had with incriminating evidence on it . right before the men broke in , of course , his father gave him the disc to escape with . eventually , the boy , named nicky nunez ( jean-luke figueroa ) , is caught by the mobsters , and taken back to their apartment . meanwhile , gloria ( sharon stone ) has just gotten out of prison for a crime she didn't commit and returns to her ex-boyfriend ( jeremy northam ) to recieve the money he promised her for covering up his crime . when he refuses to give it to her , and then hears the group of men talking about killing nicky , she leaves with him in order to save his life , but not before holding the men at gunpoint , stealing all of their money , and forcing them to strip nude . gloria is the type of fast-talking , smart-mouthed new yorker who always seems to get involved with the wrong people , and she never expected to be stuck with a kid , but she has a heart of gold ( don't they always in this type of movie ) and is only trying to protect the boy , whom she quickly begins to form a close bond with . the previous incarnation of " gloria " by cassavetes and starring the luminous gena rowlands , remains unseen by me , but was no doubt superior , even though i can't really imagine how this considerably dull story could be transformed into an entertaining one , regardless of the director or stars . there is no doubt in my mind that director lumet has stuck closely to the original , but the film itself is simply lifeless , with only an occasional laugh popping up here and there so that it isn't completely unbearable to watch . i liked , for example , a very funny climactic sequence where gloria is deciding whether to leave the school she has left the boy at , and keeps turning the car around , then driving a little ways , then slamming on the brakes and turning around again . these bright moments , however , appear long and far between , and the majority of the film deals with the budding relationship between nicky and gloria , which is both painfully predictable and by-the-numbers . throughout , my mind was repeatedly asking the question , " who really cares ? " as gloria , sharon stone has adopted an over-the-top brooklyn accent that honestly doesn't sound realistic at all . in the beginning , in fact , i was amazed at how amateurish stone's performance was , but as the film progressed she got better . although not one of her better turns , stone does have a comic flare that refuses to be ignored . jean-luke figeroa was fine as nicky and a little more natural than the usual child actors who are so precocious they make you want to gag . all other actors who appeared were considerably wasted , none more than cathy moriarty , an entertaining actress in her own right , who is billed fourth and has all of one scene , as gloria's friend whom she turns to for help . sony , the studio that released " gloria , " obviously does not have any faith in the film , and i don't blame them . they declined to screen the picture for critics , which is never a good sign , particularly with the high-profile people involved . although how much money a movie makes does not determine how good it is ( just look at the spectacular " in dreams , " which failed to even make the top 10 last week ) , i have a suspicion " gloria " is going to vanish from theaters faster than " ishtar , " judging from the opening night 7 : 00 p . m . showing i saw it at , where there were about ten to fifteen people present , counting myself . although stone can be an impressive actress ( just watch her in 1995's " casino " or 1996's " last dance " if you don't believe me ) and sidney lumet can be a respectable director , there is no reasoning for why they thought the cliched story of " gloria " was worth remaking or , for that matter , why columbia pictures agreed to finance it when they could have been making a picture that actually looked like it might have an inkling of a chance to be successful . 
for a film touted as exploring relationships and black sexuality , trois is surprisingly tame . despite it's lurid subject matter and it's passing nod to fatal attraction , it moves along with flat , uninspired dialogue as it sets up a surprising climax that tries mightily to overthrow the considerable dead weight of the rest of the film . freshly moved to atlanta , jermaine ( dourdan ) and his wife , jasmine ( moore ) , have the trappings of a perfect life . they have a beautiful house in suburbia . jermaine is a lawyer on the fast track at his firm . jasmine is his supportive wife , who is finishing up her college degree . in an opening montage via a home video of the pair , we see the unremarkable story of their marriage and early marital triumphs . this is a couple that has it all . into this eden slithers the lure of lust . despite his outward appearance , jermaine reveals himself as selfish and covetous of his wife more as a possession than a person . a glimmer of his true nature peeks out during an early sex scene with his wife as he goes about his business , oblivious to jasmine's concerns . we also find that he has been relentlessly asking jasmine to participate in a menage- a-trois , much to jasmine's dismay . as jermaine puts it , " don't you want to be sexually free ? " jermaine shares his desire with co-worker terrence ( smith ) , who obligingly sets jermaine up with a woman who might be interested in just such an encounter . the woman , jade ( palmer ) is a direct counterpoint to jasmine . jade , at one point was a college student , too . unlike jasmine , she found herself pregnant , dropped out of school and now struggles to make ends meet . to further reinforce their differences , it's revealed that jade is involved in a custody battle over her son . inevitably , through liquor and a touch of duplicity on jermaine's part , the forbidden act is consummated . the aftermath of the encounter sidesteps into fatal attraction territory as acts of violence are perpetrated upon jermaine's property with the hint that the violence may escalate . by this point , trois shows itself to be a soap opera without the requisite melodrama : a fatal attraction without the social significance . the exploration of relationships is strictly superficial and stereotypical . jermaine comes off as insincere , sexually driven and selfish . jasmine is bland and subservient . jade comes off a bit sympathetically , but that is negated by her moral bankruptcy . yet another tale of a sexually aggressive " dog " of a man who imposes his will upon his accommodating , innocent mate . the last 10 minutes will undoubtly throw you a curve , but by this point , will you even care ? if the rest of the movie was as dynamic as the ending , perhaps there could have been some freshness to it . as it stands , trois is pretty standard fare . 
i think that saying that the x-files is one of this summer's most anticipated films is safe . for five years , " the x-files " television show has developed a dedicated fan culture , whose rabid devotion to the series rivals that of " star trek " fans . the premise of both the movie and the television series is two fbi agents who investigate the paranormal ; fox mulder ( david duchovny ) is the avid believer whose quest to find the truth about extraterrestrial life borders on the paranoid , and dana scully ( gillian anderson ) is the scientific skeptic trying to find a rational explanation to mulder's flights of fancy . outlining the plot of the x-files movie is virtually impossible , since to be general would result in confusion , yet to be specific would give too much away . nevertheless , i will try . " the black ooze , " and extraterrestrial , virus-like substance is threatening earth . a " shadow government " is aware of this , but tries to cover-up the alien existence . mulder and scully know " the truth is out there , " and so try to expose both the invasion and the cover-up . there are three central questions i have heard asked about this movie : 1 . will those who don't watch the series be able to understand the movie ? yes . isolated as an individual text , the x-files can stand alone . they have given enough background for anyone , familiar with the show or not , to understand the movie . although some of the secondary characters' histories may confuse the uninitiated , those characters are not essential to the film . this is a major problem : they trot out token secondary characters from the series out for an appearance and then disappear just as quickly . why bring superintendent skinner into the picture in the first place , and then have him sat silently on an fbi internal affairs committee ? why bring in " the lone gunmen , " three computer geek conspiracy theorists , for an even briefer appearance ? these characters are recurrent on the series , and their appearance in the film was met with whoops from the audience ( suggesting their popularity among fans - actually most of the audience could pass for " the lone gunmen " ) . still , then they vanish just as quickly . 2 . the television show never gives us any answers . will the movie actually explain some things ? yes . in the x-files we get a fairly complete history of " the black ooze , " what it is and what it wants . we finally get some understanding of the motivations behind the " shadow government . " there are even some subtle tie-ins with contemporary ufo-ology , including the " greys " and the roswell crash of 1947 . 3 . is the movie any good ? no . the x-files is a dreadful movie and shows some fundamental problems with writer/creator chris carter's talents and the relationship between cinema and television . first off , the screenplay by series creator chris carter is sloppy and cliched . after approximately forty-five minutes ( the length of a television episode minus the commercials ) , the pace drops to a snail's crawl . not long after that point , when carter attempts to answer some questions we have had about the series , we wish he had not . the explanations are so trite and ridiculous that one would have preferred it had carter not explained quite so much . i am willing to suspend my disbelief a fair bit , but the absurdity carter wants me to swallow was just too much . breaking the suspension of disbelief destroys the movie - and listening to other fans leave the cinema , maybe the series too . the explanations are not only absurd , they are tired and unoriginal . the extraterrestrials breed and gestate like those from the alien series , and their craft looks like a leftover set piece from independence day . note that the alien movies , id4 , and the x-files are all from 20thcentury fox - a studio that is beginning to cannibalize itself i think . the x-files is noteworthy for being the only movie based on a television series to be produced while the series was still running . in comparing the movie and television series certain aspects of the respective media emerge . the avoidance of the series to answer the questions it raised annoyed and frustrated many people . however , i rather liked that about the series . television allows you to impose as much , or as little , meaning on a show as you want . it is the proverbial " blank screen " which we project our minds on . meaning on television is open and ambiguous ; it is the nature of the medium . cinema , on the other hand , is the opposite . it projects onto us the filmmakers mind . we can , in some films , fill the textual gaps ourselves , but that almost never happens in an american film . meaning , in cinema , needs to be self-contained and determined . so , when the x-files made that jump from small to big screen , carter needed to take into consideration the differences in the medium as well . he did not . by making explicit , what the television show left implicit , carter reveals the limits of his creativity and skill . when they say that " fans " make a tv show , it is not far from the truth . on television , fan culture must impose its meanings on the text because there is nothing there . how true that is when we see the " explicit " x-files - there is nothing there . the following was printed in the st . john's express , st . john's , newfoundland , canada . all views are the authors , but copyright is held by robinson-blackmore , 1998 . &nbsp ; movie review by mikel j . koven &nbsp ; i think that saying that the x-files is one of this summer's most anticipated films is safe . &nbsp ; for five years , " the x-files " television show has developed a dedicated fan culture , whose rabid devotion to the series rivals that of " star trek " fans . &nbsp ; the premise of both the movie and the television series is two fbi agents who investigate the paranormal ; fox mulder ( david duchovny ) is the avid believer whose quest to find the truth about extraterrestrial life borders on the paranoid , and dana scully ( gillian anderson ) is the scientific skeptic trying to find a rational explanation to mulder's flights of fancy . &nbsp ; outlining the plot of the x-files movie is virtually impossible , since to be general would result in confusion , yet to be specific would give too much away . &nbsp ; nevertheless , i will try . &nbsp ; " the black ooze , " and extraterrestrial , virus-like substance is threatening earth . &nbsp ; a " shadow government " is aware of this , but tries to cover-up the alien existence . &nbsp ; mulder and scully know " the truth is out there , " and so try to expose both the invasion and the cover-up . &nbsp ; there are three central questions i have heard asked about this movie : &nbsp ; 1 . &nbsp ; will those who don't watch the series be able to understand the movie ? &nbsp ; yes . &nbsp ; isolated as an individual text , the x-files can stand alone . &nbsp ; they have given enough background for anyone , familiar with the show or not , to understand the movie . &nbsp ; although some of the secondary characters' histories may confuse the uninitiated , those characters are not essential to the film . &nbsp ; this is a major problem : they trot out token secondary characters from the series out for an appearance and then disappear just as quickly . &nbsp ; why bring superintendent skinner into the picture in the first place , and then have him sat silently on an fbi internal affairs committee ? &nbsp ; why bring in " the lone gunmen , " three computer geek conspiracy theorists , for an even briefer appearance ? &nbsp ; these characters are recurrent on the series , and their appearance in the film was met with whoops from the audience ( suggesting their popularity among fans - actually most of the audience could pass for " the lone gunmen " ) . &nbsp ; still , then they vanish just as quickly . &nbsp ; 2 . &nbsp ; the television show never gives us any answers . &nbsp ; will the movie actually explain some things ? &nbsp ; yes . &nbsp ; in the x-files we get a fairly complete history of " the black ooze , " what it is and what it wants . &nbsp ; we finally get some understanding of the motivations behind the " shadow government . " &nbsp ; there are even some subtle tie-ins with contemporary ufo-ology , including the " greys " and the roswell crash of 1947 . &nbsp ; 3 . &nbsp ; is the movie any good ? &nbsp ; no . &nbsp ; the x-files is a dreadful movie and shows some fundamental problems with writer/creator chris carter's talents and the relationship between cinema and television . &nbsp ; first off , the screenplay by series creator chris carter is sloppy and cliched . &nbsp ; after approximately forty-five minutes ( the length of a television episode minus the commercials ) , the pace drops to a snail's crawl . &nbsp ; not long after that point , when carter attempts to answer some questions we have had about the series , we wish he had not . &nbsp ; the explanations are so trite and ridiculous that one would have preferred it had carter not explained quite so much . &nbsp ; i am willing to suspend my disbelief a fair bit , but the absurdity carter wants me to swallow was just too much . &nbsp ; breaking the suspension of disbelief destroys the movie - and listening to other fans leave the cinema , maybe the series too . &nbsp ; the explanations are not only absurd , they are tired and unoriginal . &nbsp ; the extraterrestrials breed and gestate like those from the alien series , and their craft looks like a leftover set piece from independence day . &nbsp ; note that the alien movies , id4 , and the x-files are all from 20thcentury fox - a studio that is beginning to cannibalize itself i think . &nbsp ; the x-files is noteworthy for being the only movie based on a television series to be produced while the series was still running . &nbsp ; in comparing the movie and television series certain aspects of the respective media emerge . &nbsp ; the avoidance of the series to answer the questions it raised annoyed and frustrated many people . &nbsp ; however , i rather liked that about the series . &nbsp ; television allows you to impose as much , or as little , meaning on a show as you want . &nbsp ; it is the proverbial " blank screen " which we project our minds on . &nbsp ; meaning on television is open and ambiguous ; it is the nature of the medium . &nbsp ; cinema , on the other hand , is the opposite . &nbsp ; it projects onto us the filmmakers mind . &nbsp ; we can , in some films , fill the textual gaps ourselves , but that almost never happens in an american film . &nbsp ; meaning , in cinema , needs to be self-contained and determined . &nbsp ; so , when the x-files made that jump from small to big screen , carter needed to take into consideration the differences in the medium as well . &nbsp ; he did not . &nbsp ; by making explicit , what the television show left implicit , carter reveals the limits of his creativity and skill . &nbsp ; when they say that " fans " make a tv show , it is not far from the truth . &nbsp ; on television , fan culture must impose its meanings on the text because there is nothing there . &nbsp ; how true that is when we see the " explicit " x-files - there is nothing there . 
for his directoral debut , gary oldman chose a highly personal family drama about a violent , alcoholic husband and father , and the various lives he affects . but while the characters , places and events may have special meaning to the writer-director , the audience is left in the dark . the center of this tale is the abusive raymond ( ray winstone ) , and the film focuses on him and the people who orbit around him . he spends his days hanging out with his friends at pubs and girlie bars . then , he returns home to his pregnant wife , valerie ( kathy burke ) and their five-year-old daughter . raymond demonstrates his violent tendencies ( and his paranoid delusions ) early on when he accuses valerie's brother , billy ( charlie creed-miles ) , of stealing . raymond then proceed to beat ( and bite ) him to a bloody wreck . but these are the least of billy's problems . billy is a heroin addict on the downturn , and it doesn't seem that he'll last much longer . billy and valerie's mother , janet ( laila morse ) , is raymond's nemesis . she disapproves of him ( and he of her ) , but is powerless to do anything about it . she merely struggles on , hoping her children will survive their respective torments . if this description seems bleak , i haven't told the half of it . this is not a cheery movie , and most of the time it's downright depressing . while at times it is interesting to watch to see just what makes raymond tick , and why no one ever simply calls the cops on him , in the end , it's not quite worth it . there are too many scenes which randomly dot the picture with little or no purpose . take for example the extended sequence where one of billy's scuzzy friends defends a stray puppy . the film is filled with these " character moments " that never really achieve anything . granted , there are a few genuinely powerful ( and sickening ) moments in the film , but their expression seems to be more of a catharsis for the creator than us . the actors do a fine job , particularly in the central roles . the good thing about an actor turned writer is that oldman knows how to write good scenes , and the actors in nil by mouth have some meat they can tear into . the bad thing about an actor turned director is that there's no one to restrain oldman from making poor choices . a good character drama should mean something to those involved in making the film and the audience . oldman got it about half right . 
i am continually amazed at movies like this . that some producer would waste an abundance of talent and money on a script as abysmal as this one is mind-boggeling , but it seems to happen a lot nowadays . " wild wild west " is a beautifully filmed , well acted , and well directed piece of garbage ; and its insipid screenplay is completely at fault . in short , this movie is a comedy without laughs . so many jokes fall flat that it borderlines surreal . the high production values keep it from being a total fiasco , but it's still pretty boring . will smith stars as jim west , an old western , r&b variation of the james bond character . west is teamed up with artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) , and they're pretty much polar oppisites : west prefers to solve his problems with an array of bullets , gordon traditionally favors a more pacifistic approach . talk about deeply developed characters . at any rate , this leads to the inevitable conflicts between methodologies , none of which are funny . the year is 1869 . several top scientists have been abducted , and the suspected culprit is a disgruntled former confederate general , bloodbath mcgrath ( ted levine ) . president grant sends west and gordon to investigate . there's evidence that mcgrath is attending some sort of confederate reunion in louisiana . west and gordon show up and learn that mcgrath is actually working for dr . arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , another disgruntled former confederate . as it turns out , loveless plans to use the combined knowledge of the scientests to create the ultimate super weapon , which he will use to conquer the united states . i'd go further with the plot , but there isn't any point . this film's narrative is little more than a jumbled , unfunny mess . i only laughed at a couple of jokes , and then only lightly . there isn't one truly uprorously funny moment in this film , and that's pretty disasterous when you consider that it's primarily a comedy . as i said , the fault is totally that of the script . when you consider their respective roles , will smith and kevil kline do as good as they could have possibly done . the leads could've been played samuel l . jackson and robert de niro and the film still would've been awful . no one , and i mean no one , can make a line like " bye bye , mr . knife guy ! " sound good . still , this film has a lot going for it visually . the set design is fantastic , maybe even oscar worthy . the cinematogrophy by michael ballhaus ( who was also behind camera in martin scorsese's brilliant " goodfellas " ) , is absolutely stunning . he lends the film a much needed exciting , comic bookish look . i won't fault barry sonnenfeld either . he does a fine job of directing the proceedings , but , like the rest of the people involved with the film , there really isn't anything that he can do to correct its one major flaw . despite being beautifully made , " wild wild west " becomes quite boring after the half-way point . the appeal of the visuals ends long before the film does . if " wild wild west " didn't look so good , it would be almost insufferable . as it is , it's somewhat tolerable , but not very entertaining . it hurts to give such a well made movie a score this low , but there isn't anything much worse than an unfunny comedy . 
when it comes to the average teenage romantic comedy , i expect negative reviews from critics left and right . predictable , unoriginal , and forgettable will most likely be the three adjectives to haunt the down to you's and the drive me crazy's released by the dozens these last couple of years . what i really look for in this kind of movie is the entertainment value while i'm sitting in the theater . am i enjoying myself ? is this a comfortable break from my week of finals ? this is why i have given films like final destination or road trip high marks ; i had a party of a time wasting my money on something i won't remember next week . so last week i opened up the new york times - and , no surprise , boys and girls got a negative review . daily news ? negative . reelviews ? negative . epinions . com ? negative . this was nothing new . american pie , final destination , road trip didn't get such hot reviews and i loved those guilty pleasures . same goes for she's all that , a formulaic but enjoyable pygmalion adaptation that got unjustly pounded . since boys and girls reunites she's all that director robert iscove and actor freddie prinze jr . , i predicted d ? j ? vu al over again . but , still curious , i asked around my school and from the one or two people who had seen it , the reactions were far from positive . i had made up my mind ; i'll catch it on video or cable in a couple of years . but , soon after , following a series of unexpected events ( we couldn't get into shaft because it is rated r ) , i found myself watching boys and girls . whoops . boys and girls is about a " nerdy , smart " boy named ryan ( prinze jr . ) and a " popular , flirt " girl named jennifer ( claire forlani ) . briefly meeting as pre-teens and now attending the same college , the two bump into each other so many times that eventually they become best friends . but in the movies , a male and a female cannot be friends without having that nagging feeling of attraction for each other . with advice from their roommates ( amanda detmer , jason biggs ) , ryan and jennifer attempt to discover the true meaning of their relationship . the film definitely lives up to the dreaded three adjectives - and mindless entertainment is nowhere to be found . i could hardly sit through the 93 minute running time for several reasons . the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . it is almost offensive . an example of an insightful conversation : " you're dumb . dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb . " " no . " ( followed by a mandy moore-esque tune background ) ( well it's not as bad as wing commander i guess ) the supporting cast is also painfully useless . detmer and biggs stand in the way for anything interesting to happen with their own boring , pointless subplots . and although this is supposed to be from both perspectives of the human sex , prinze jr's ryan dominates the screen while forlani's jennifer simply acts as a dilemma for him to work with . we never learn anything about jennifer which is a shame too because forlani is the only actor to bring any life into her character . teenager or not : you'll hate this movie , i guarantee it . maybe i should rent she's all that again . is it really as good as i think it is ? 
the most interesting part of " can't hardly wait " just happens to be not only the most human , but for many of us , the one part that many of us can easily relate to . that is the character of denise ( lauren ambrose ) , the film's sole sarcastic member who mocks everything that goes on in the film , and at one point sits down on a couch and looks totally bored . the film wisely holds over this moment , nicely showing her alienation in the midst of a large high school party . . . almost too nicely . for some members of the audience ( read : me ) , this is basically a mirror of what's going on with them watching this film . we sit there wondering why we've even bothered to see a film about a long high school party we probably never felt the desire to go to in the first place . i would actually highly recommend this film if it satirized all of this . after all , this film is filled with a bunch of pathetic stereotypes much of which i went to high school with . everyone's here : the jock , the homecoming queen , the nerd ( and his dominions of trekkies and x-philes ) , the alienated wannabe writer , the school spirit girl , the pothead ( s ) , the wigger , etc , etc , etc , and weirdly enough this film shows them as superficial , lame , and basically as a bunch of losers . except for denise , who rolls her eyes at everything , and easily becomes the most likable character even before she speaks ( her yearbook entry , something which is done for each main character , quotes oscar wilde - definite pointers there ) . unfortunately , the writers and directors take several major misteps on the way to making this into an admirable and even likable film . the film , as i said , portrays most of its characters as superficial and just totally ignorant to everything . however , instead of sticking with this , perhaps even going a bit further with it , they let this lie , and actually make these characters into our heroes . we follow several of them , all a bunch of moronic stereotypes with only a shread of humanity and realism , and tries to tell boring and overly melodramatic tales about them as if we actually cared and/or identified with them . and if we did , we certainly don't want to revisit that state of being . here's a quick low-down : it's graduation , and we follow a bunch of seniors on the last night , otherwise known as the " american grafitti " or , to a lesser extent , the " dazed and confused " cliche . the formal just followed them as they drove aimlessly ; the latter did a little bit of that and featured a big outdoor keg party . " can't hardly wait " just opts for a big indoor keg party , and a little bit of aimless driving , albeit of the i'm-whining-because-i-can't-get-a-girl-i-want brand . we follow many people around , but mostly we trail preston ( ethan embry , of " that thing you do ! " ) , the alienated writer , who's been pining over the homcoming queen , amanda ( the totally overrated jennifer love hewitt ) , for the entirety of high school because he thinks they shared a moment their freshman year over a freaking pop tart . now that she's broken up with her football player boyfriend , mike ( peter facinelli ) , he decides to go to the party with a note he's written declaring his " love " for her in the hopes he'll build up the guts to give it to her . . . even though he's leaving for a multi-week intensive writing program hosted by none other than kurt vonnegut ( okay : the ingenius vonnegut or some icky noxema spokesperson ? ) . since that plot is incredibly lame and a track record of what goes on with it wouldn't be able to carry a commercial let alone a feature film , and because it's a party , there are some more main characters , such as : william ( charlie korsmo , finally surfacing after " dick tracy " ) , the nerd ( and his dominions ) who has come up with a ridiculous plan to publically sabotage mike , who's humiliated him for years , but gets too caught up in drinking to do it ; kenny ( seth green ) , the wigger , who has decided that this party will be where he will finally get laid ( uh huh ) ; and denise , the only exceptional character , who unfortunately gets stuck in a bathroom ( don't ask ) with kenny where the two characters let down their characters and are allowed to follow the laws of plot cliches from point a to point b with nary a bit of characterization involved after awhile . ugh . the main comparison this film is getting to another film is actually not " american grafitti " or " dazed and confused , " two films that embraced and ultimately made humans out of many of its high schoolers ( not to mention were extremely entertaining ) , but to john hughes films of the 80s , most notably " sixteen candles . " the big difference in the two is that that film managed to not only embrace but even satirize its main characters , and did so equally and in an entertaining fashion . this film forgets to satirize its characters , and ultimately tells a story about a bunch of uninteresting stereotypes . . . and then says that it's all okay . we can't take this film seriously , nor can we take this as fun , so really what good is it ? but i will tell you some things i did like : i liked the direction , except for a couple too-over-the-top features , like way-too-glossy jump cuts ( it's like an oxymoron ) and other obscurities . generally , though , elfont and kaplan do have graceful camera movement , and even manage to capture an altman-esque feel to their film from time to time ( a thing with a note , though , is too hokey to really be admirable ) . i actually did like seth green , for once in about a decade ( when he played a very young woody allen in " radio days " ) - his desintegration of his wigger character was almost believable . . . almost . and , of course , lauren ambrose is wonderful as denise , the one character we could have used some more of , even though it would have changed the entirety of the film . however , the character of denise really doesn't work with the film , when really thought about . she's far too witty and realized ( at least for the first half ) to belong in this film , and whenever she appears , she automatically gives everything a delightfully satirical tone . she's not just the cynic or the intellectual ; she's just a very interesting character who provides entertainment even if it further damages other already damaged characters . she may ruin the film more , but at least when she's on screen we can sit up and think to ourselves " well , at least we'll be entertained . " a couple other things that just don't work : mike's character , who suffers an epiphany throughout the film but in the end acts as though he has forgotten everything : too much the sacrificial lamb for the film in general ; the aimless , bitchy driving by preston to try and get over his inability to shack up with amanda - give me a break ; and perhaps the one thing that just doesn't work at all : jenna eflman's uncredited cameo as an angel - just didn't work , but nice try . basically the worst thing about this film , the real reason i'm giving this such a low rating , is because it refuses to give us any fully realized characters and then insists we follow around complete stereotypes from other movies doing things that are inane and unlike anything we'd do . we don't feel for these characters because for most of us , we aren't stereotypes going through the motions to worn subplots . the acid test for high school movies is : does it at all capture the feel of what it's portraying ? the answer for this film is no . nice try , though . 
one of these days , i'll make good on my promise never to rent another abel ferrara movie . king of new york and body snatchers notwithstanding ( and bad lieutenant is only fit for a single , emotive viewing ) , his exploitation flicks have fallen into a rut of hoary art-house trappings . it's a perfume-drenched , coke-addled visit to the seedy pornography shop , where beautiful models ( no , hookers -- no , courtesans ) usher you through the silk curtains . ferrara's only consistently smart move has been casting christopher walken over and over again , since walken can make a good movie great and a loathsome movie durable whenever he's onscreen . his 8-minute scene in the addiction is the saving grace of that otherwise abysmal , unwatchable , and pretentious failure . when he starts talking about his vampiric bowel movements , or questions whether lili taylor has ever read naked lunch , there's a much-needed dose of humor in an otherwise terminally unfunny affair . you know those gothic club kids who are too cool to smile and let you know they're actually having fun ? the addiction is that movie . walken , sadly , does not appear in the blackout . the central role of matty , a junkie film star whose lightning paced hollywood life among the beautiful people is inevitably leading to his destruction , is played by matthew modine ( who takes what he can get after cutthroat island ) . much like the protagonists of michelangelo antonioni's terminally bored cultural elite , matty is involved in a bitter pill " relationship " with high fashioned model annie ( at least i think she's a model . ) matty's lady is played by french actress b ? atrice dalle , arrested twice for cocaine possession during filming of the blackout -- not that you needed to know that , but it lends credence to the idea that ferrara's entire oeuvre has been filmed in a fucking blackout . no kidding . requiem for a dream has nothing on the junkie presentations seen in ferrara's movies and his controversial urban lifestyle . matty and annie struggle over her decision to have an abortion without consulting him . no doubt , he was off chasing the dragon . in his despair , matty indulges in a chemical induced weekend of debauchery , tooling around the streets of miami with video filmmaker mickey wayne ( dennis hopper , in full " dirty ol' man " mold smacking models on the ass and telling them to spread their legs . wider ! ) toward the end of the night , they pick up a teenage waitress also named annie ( sarah lassez ) , start shooting a hastily improvised sexual scene , then matty thankfully blacks out . something happened that night which haunts him throughout the rest of the movie , and it's exactly what you think it was . suffice to say , there's some confusion over whether he killed annie one or annie two , or anyone at all . the blackout is typical ferrara : no plot to speak of , plenty of raunch , and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see-through curtain in his hotel room by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea . cinematographer ken kelsch finds inconsistent glory in alternating gorgeous painterly sunsets with docu-style sleaze ( and we're back to dennis hopper leering at girls in bathing suits . " yeah ! ! ! yeah ! ! ! arrrghhh ! " says mr . hopper . dirty old sod . ) it's compulsive viewing in a tacky sort of way , leading to a ridiculous climax where modine seizes control of his destiny . how's that for cryptic ? never fear -- ferrara finds time for some female full frontal nudity to remind us what he's all about . i can picture it now . " take off yer clothes , kid -- it's essential to depict the inner maelstrom of my central protagonist , and you're his visual id . you're the soul , the heart , the bloodstream of the picture . take it off ! take it all off ! ! ! ha ha ha ! " friggin' vampire . yeah , you , ferrara . a final word about matthew modine : he's actually a fine actor when properly cast , but there's something too squeaky-clean in his demeanor . he's ideally suited for sarcastic men in tightly controlled situations , such as his private joker in full metal jacket or the time-bomb nebbish in short cuts ( who is every bit as superb as julianne moore in that famous scene , though no one seems to notice him ) . [he was in that scene ? -ed . ] here , he's asked to let it all hang out , sporting a three-day stubble and oily bangs . he throws around furniture like stanley kowalski , but it's somehow lacking . modine lacks the feral intensity of brando , entirely miscast in ferrara's flesh fair . better luck next time , matt . someday , you'll be forgiven for cutthroat island , which wasn't really your fault in the first place . maybe atom egoyan will find a place for you somewhere , and all will once again be well in your world . 
the happy bastard's quick movie review holy man more like holy crap . the film stars eddie murphy as a mystical-ish figure named g on a strange journey of some sort when he comes across two network execs ( jeff goldblum and kelly preston ) with a flat tire on their hands . somehow he ends up in their car and on their channel , a line-up of infomercial programs featuring the likes of betty white , morgan fairchild , and a slew of other celebrities and nameless figures . it's here that he seems to hit his stride , speaking of life instead and somehow boosting sales . at this point in the movie , of course , morality comes into play , particularly on goldblum , who suddenly feels he can market the magical g into megabucks to get in good with his boss ( robert loggia ) . it doesn't take long for the movie to unfold into sappy mush , with realizations taking place left and right and poor plot points . only a real zippy sequence involving frying morgan fairchild's face seems to have any interest in the movie . murphy lends nothing to his character and poor goldblum looks as if he'd rather be someplace else . some may argue that the movie has a message , but all that came across to me is that i could probably get more entertainment watching that informercial with the guy in the question mark coat . at least he has something for us to laught at . . . 
for a movie with such deep religious and spiritual undertones , it is surprising to find the messenger : the story of joan of arc such an ungodly mess . in the early to mid 1400's , there was little in the way of spiritual light to be found shining from the heart of a man or woman . the church was a dismally dark and oppressive place . france was involved in " the hundred years war " against england . there was no strong political leadership in the country . morale was low , there being little hope for the future . it was within this setting that a young french girl began hearing " voices " and seeing " visions . " convinced that these were messages from god , she brazenly demanded to see the dauphin in order to deliver the message directly to him . the message : if he would give her an army to command , she would deliver to him the crown . he does . . . and she does . then , once seated on the throne , he abandons her to her english captors . director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co-wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material . the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable . his biggest miscue was to cast his wife , milla jovovich ( the fifth element ) in the title role . ms . jovovich , looks spectacular as joan , clad in battle armor , astride a similarly protected horse . if looks were enough to fully convey a character , she would have been brilliant . since it isn't , she tried ( and failed ) to act the part . her joan is unbalanced , " inspiring " the troops merely by screaming stridently and waving her banner or sword over her head like a woman possessed . john malkovich ( being john malkovich ) fares a bit better as the dauphin , who joan would see on the throne as charles vii . an easily manipulated man , his weakness of character foreshadows the betrayal of joan which would lead to her death . faye dunaway ( the thomas crown affair ) gives a strong performance in minimal screen time as the dauphin's mother-in-law and chief advisor . the army under joan's command are comprised of comical figures , more stooges than soldiers . the one exception would be tcheky karyo ( la femme nikita ) as dunois , the man who was leading the attack prior to joan's arrival . trying to plan a systematic campaign , he sees his leadership authority negated by joan's insistence on following her " visions . " dustin hoffman ( sphere ) has a small inhuman role as joan's conscience which begins speaking to her while awaiting trial . dressed like cloaked monk , he leads her to doubt herself and her " revelations . " as well she should . scriptures do speak of revelation . god , via his gift of holy spirit , is able to communicate to men . three of the nine manifestations of holy spirit listed in 1 corinthians 12 deal with receiving revelation . they are : word of knowledge , word of wisdom , and discerning of spirits . even the scriptures themselves are a result of god giving revelation to his " holy men . . . who spake as they were moved by holy spirit ( i . e . by revelation . ) " but the scriptures also caution us : " beloved , believe not every spirit , but try the spirits whether they are of god : because many false prophets are gone out into the world . " 1 john 4 : 1 [kjv] joan's end , ( being burned at the stake at the age of 19 ) , the frenzy ( mob rule ) and blood lust her inspiration wrought , and the death , pain , or suffering which followed her campaign all point to a devilish influence rather than a godly one . while her conviction and intense believing remains an admirable quality , she was , as others have been before and since , misled by the spiritual master of deception . as a messenger , she was quite effective . she was just confused as to whose message she was carrying . 
i think we should , as responsible citizens , all get together and stop jim carrey from making another movie . he's changing the cinema as we know it--and for the worst . i would willingly rewatch batman and robin rather then again sit through this miserable collection of filmic moments--prologues , epilogues , etc . the premise : a lawyer can't lie for a day . ho , ho . normally a movie made from this premise would be terrible--mr . carrey suceeds in making it unwatchable . i laughed once--and i was laughing at the sight of everyone else laughing . grinding doesn't begin to describe . it pounds on your head so forcefully and so unstoppably that , if you are a normal person , you leave feeling sick . when it's not trying to be funny , it's trying to be melodramatic--but it's just annoying , stupid and sappy . at best . this movie is intended to make people laugh , yes , not to be voted best picture of all time by sight and sound . but , it fails on every possible level . it fails to be funny . it fails to be insightful . it fails to be suspensful . it fails to be fun . they should pay people to see it . it suceeds on one level--it makes me want to get down on the ground and start thanking orson welles , for having lived . if you go in with the intention of coming out alive , please make sure that you are overly fond of boob , fart , pimple and fat jokes--otherwise you will go insane . yes , literally insane . stark , raving mad . it is boring , stupid , melodramatic and in the end ugly . i reccemond it strongly . to ed wood . 
what were they thinking ? nostalgia for the seventies is bad enough , but do we really need an eighties film ? robbie hart ( adam sandler ) used to want to be a rock and roll star , but in 1985 he's singing at weddings and having a good time . a romantic at heart , he loves weddings and is just about to get married to his high-school sweetie . when she leaves him waiting at the altar , his tune changes to " love stinks " . he meets waitress julia ( drew barrymore ) who is engaged to a junk-bonds salesman and you know that they are going to get together . in fact you know everything that is going to happen during this movie . sandler is somewhat adequate in his leading man role , but there is no spark . barrymore doesn't seem to be able to convey anything other than a pretty face with nothing behind it : beauty but no attitude . both characters are just there . bit parts by steve buscemi and jon lovitz steal the show . the eighties are shoved in our face . references to deloreans , madonna , " dallas " , ivana and donald , burt and loni and " miami vice " get old fast . the filmmakers must have realized that there wasn't much entertainment to the story and thought they could dazzle the audience with humorous period allusions . they're not funny and it doesn't work . with change on all fronts accelerating more and more , nostalgia appears to have a great appeal , but don't you think we could have more than 14 years before we yearn for the past . maybe we can look forward to a film next year waxing nostalgically about el nino . ( michael redman has written this column for over 23 years and he knows that nostalgia is not what it used to be . ) 
* * the following review contains spoilers * * " please someone stop joel schumacher before he vomits into a film canister again and tries to pass it off as a movie . " -- chuck dowling , the jacksonville film journal i wrote the above sentence in my review for 1997's batman and robin . apparently , no one heard my words . oh , how i wish you had heard them . oh how i wish someone had stopped him . . . because he's done it again . the plot of 8mm is similar to the 1977 paul schrader film hardcore , a surprisingly decent and engrossing tale . in fact , it was everything that 8mm is not . in the opening minutes of 8mm , we see private detective tom welles ( nicolas cage ) working on a case for a prestigious member of the u . s . government . keep this fact in mind , cage is trusted with an important case , which he solves . he returns home to his wife and new daughter , and even finds time to rake his yard ( keep that in mind too , it's important as well ) . he's hired by a rich elderly woman to solve a mystery . after her husband's death she comes across a film in his private safe . it appears to be snuff film , a sort of urban legend of the pornography industry in which someone is actually brutally murdered for the camera . the woman wants welles to locate the young girl in the film , hopefully to disprove that it is in fact a snuff film . so he sets off on a journey into the sordid underworld of sleaze to discover the truth about the film . the main problem with 8mm is that the whole film is completely pointless . welles is actually selected for the case by the old woman's lawyer ( anthony heald , an actor who always plays the same type of character , that being a bad guy ) . when you first see him , your first instinct is that he's behind the whole thing . the choice of casting does the film in . then , as welles begins his investigation , at times we will see a shadowy figure following him . the only person it could possibly be is the lawyer ( or someone sent by the lawyer ) because no one knows welles is even investigating anything yet . so your first instinct has now been confirmed . then , when it is in fact revealed that the lawyer is a part of the whole thing , he tells welles that he was chosen for the case because he was young and inexperienced ( in one of those ridiculous " since we're going to kill you anyway , why not tell you the whole thing " moments ) . but earlier when we see welles being hired for the case he's told that he was hired because he comes highly recommended . huh ? also , when the lawyer reveals himself to be a part of the whole thing , his main goal is to get the film back . so why did he give it up in the first place ? ! the lawyer had the film the whole time , then gave it away to the private detective thinking that he would just give up on the case and return the film ? ! it's totally absurd . . . and this is the screenwriter of seven ? late in the film there's a confrontation between all the main characters , and after a struggle one of the character's guns ends up underneath a car . cage , who has been handcuffed to a bed , is rapidly trying to get to his gun , which is on a table . james gandolfini's character goes for the gun under the car in what is supposed to be a scene of " suspense " . you see , the gun is just slightly out of reach from the side of the car he's trying to reach it from , and so instead of going around the car to the other side ( where he can easily reach it ) he just keeps stretching . go around to the other side of the car ! ! this goes on for minutes . then , after cage gets his gun , gandolfini then decides it would be best to go around to the other side of the car . boy , schumacher is really really getting on my nerves . i think the final straw would be when cage returns home , devastated by everything that he's seen on this case , and then is no longer able to rake his lawn ! we actually see a shot of him pathetically poking at leaves in his yard . other things that bugged me about 8mm : one would be the music , if you can call it that . whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it . awful decision there joel . another is cage's performance . at this point he's capable of a wide range of performances , either good or bad . for 8mm , he delivers a very wooden one , and only shines when he's interacting with joaquin phoenix ( who gives a great performance as a porn shop clerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ) . you're capable of much better mr . cage . now as for you mr . schumacher . . . i'm starting to doubt if you're capable of anything else besides urinating onto the institution of american cinema . [r] 
kids today , they don't just want to see heartthrob and master thespian freddie prinze jr . loving on the ladies . no , they want to see him doing something that takes a little more in the acting department : namely , playing baseball . through a series of drippy voiceovers , we are informed that there's no better proving ground for major league baseball than the cape cod summer baseball leagues , where college also-rans and hopeful dropouts go to play in the hopes of attracting big league attention . our man freddie has landed a spot as a pitcher on the prestigious chatham a's , where he is hoping for his big break . it's only after he is given ample time to show off his abs and scamper about in a woman's thong ( don't ask ) that we learn what the real story of summer catch will be : that prinze is a poor townie named ryan dunne , struggling to make a name for himself ; that neither his father ( fred ward ) nor brother ( jason gedrick ) pulled themselves out of their blue collar jobs and resent anyone who tries ; and that the local beauty tenley -- tenley ! ( jessica biel ) -- is so far out of his league that he probably shouldn't even bother . . . but of course he makes a play for her . summer catch also makes an abortive stab at another half a dozen subplots -- the jealousy of fellow townie and brazen slut dee dee ( brittany murphy ) , the alienation felt by ryan's non-baseball playing best friend ( gabriel mann ) , or the fat chick fetish of fellow player miles ( marc blucas ) . worst of these is a ludicrous bit involving that '70s show's wilmer valderrama and beverly d'angelo , both of whom appear in the film simply to provide a nutty mrs . robinson-like substory and to remind you of how much better done that was in bull durham . in fact , virtually all of summer catch feels like it's been done better somewhere else . for starters , the film has a major question of identity . it's definitely not a sports movie , and it fails pretty miserably at being a romance . the worst part is the amateurish script ( co-written by an arli$$ writing alumnus and a guy that starred in leprechaun 3 ) , chock-full of phony emotion . by the end , it all becomes a platform for each character to deliver a soliloquy to ryan that he must take to heart . dad is on hand to give fatherly yet drunken advice . coach ( brian dennehy , just loving the fact that he's got some work on the big screen ) is on hand to give the curmudgeonly counterpoint . ryan's catcher ( matthew lillard , playing himself again ) is on hand to tell ryan to " play catch " with him and make fun of the fat fetish guy . ryan's stoner best friend is on hand to give the go-get-'em-tiger-we're-behind-you talk . and the girlfriend is on hand to give heartwarming-nuzzly-follow-your-dreams counsel . before long , you start to wonder : is freddy prinze jr . is capable of having a thought of his own ? don't answer that . the only real joy in the film is found in biel's character , and not just because of the skimpy outfits , which are also usually wet . she's the only one in the movie that is able to do much with her role , taking the rebelling-against-daddy character to at least a passing grade . when she's on screen , the time flies by . when she's not , you realize that for some ungodly reason this movie is almost two hours long . for a pg-13 teen romance ( despite near-constant sexual innuendo ) , one has to ask warner brothers : what were you thinking ? ? ? for her part , biel has fallen so far from her 7th heaven roots that she has almost become denise richards . hollywood is either about to eat her alive . . . or vice versa . either way , good luck , jessica . as for freddie , if he keeps pumping teen romances out at the rate of two a year , prinze's next " summer catch " is liable to be a venereal disease . 
" quest for camelot " is warner bros . ' first feature-length , fully-animated attempt to steal clout from disney's cartoon empire , but the mouse has no reason to be worried . the only other recent challenger to their throne was last fall's promising , if flawed , 20th century fox production " anastasia , " but disney's " hercules , " with its lively cast and colorful palate , had her beat hands-down when it came time to crown 1997's best piece of animation . this year , it's no contest , as " quest for camelot " is pretty much dead on arrival . even the magic kingdom at its most mediocre -- that'd be " pocahontas " for those of you keeping score -- isn't nearly as dull as this . the story revolves around the adventures of free-spirited kayley ( voiced by jessalyn gilsig ) , the early-teen daughter of a belated knight from king arthur's round table . kayley's only dream is to follow in her father's footsteps , and she gets her chance when evil warlord ruber ( gary oldman ) , an ex-round table member-gone-bad , steals arthur's magical sword excalibur and accidentally loses it in a dangerous , booby-trapped forest . with the help of hunky , blind timberland-dweller garrett ( carey elwes ) and a two-headed dragon ( eric idle and don rickles ) that's always arguing with itself , kayley just might be able to break the medieval sexist mold and prove her worth as a fighter on arthur's side . " quest for camelot " is missing pure showmanship , an essential element if it's ever expected to climb to the high ranks of disney . there's nothing here that differentiates " quest " from something you'd see on any given saturday morning cartoon -- subpar animation , instantly forgettable songs , poorly-integrated computerized footage . ( compare kayley and garrett's run-in with the angry ogre to herc's battle with the hydra . i rest my case . ) even the characters stink -- none of them are remotely interesting , so much that the film becomes a race to see which one can out-bland the others . in the end , it's a tie -- they all win . that dragon's comedy shtick is awfully cloying , but at least it shows signs of a pulse . at least fans of the early-'90s tgif television line-up will be thrilled to find jaleel " urkel " white and bronson " balki " pinchot sharing the same footage . a few scenes are nicely realized ( though i'm at a loss to recall enough to be specific ) , and the actors providing the voice talent are enthusiastic ( though most are paired up with singers who don't sound a thing like them for their big musical moments -- jane seymour and celine dion ? ? ? ) . but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good . aside from the fact that children will probably be as bored watching this as adults , " quest for camelot " 's most grievous error is its complete lack of personality . and personality , we learn from this mess , goes a very long way . 
fit for a ghoul's night out , fat girl stands cast iron firm with the simplistic , fatuous , built-in excuse that its woman director is baring the harsh sexual realities of adolescent girls . being a boy , i might not understand female behavior and am unequipped to analyze this particular pseudo-feminist coming-of-age story . fair enough . i'll pretend to ignore the mannered posturing and health class 101 " this is a no-no " dialogue when older teenage boy coaxes younger teenage girl to let him fuck her up the ass , speaking variations on " it won't hurt ! " for a scene that seems to last at least ten minutes . this is done almost entirely in an unbroken master shot that suggests unimaginative camerawork more than unblinking voyeurism . they dare you to look away , without possessing the courage of allowing the children to actually sound like children ( they're mouthpieces for writer-director catherine breillat's one-note clinical politics ) . rather than show an even-handed evaluation of the rigors of hormonal change , breillat ( previously responsible for the unwatchable romance ) wants to indulge in her hour of hate . life is pain , highness . get used to it . she'd find keen bedfellows in neil labute and todd solondz , other sultans of misanthropy who lack the balls to be earnest or honest . for children , dealing with trauma and pain is complicated . to bury that in sarcasm and academic theory feels cheap . these would-be auteurs ( more like hauteurs ) haven't earned the right to display suffering because they don't layer it in emotional truth ( as mike leigh does throughout naked and david lynch in several key scenes of blue velvet ) . of course , there i go again comparing her to all these ( better ) male directors . i don't care . gender be damned , she's borderline inept . braced for a knee-jerk reaction from the art house crowd ( mortified shock or compulsory applause will suffice ) , writer-director catherine breillat may well accomplish her mission to get a rise out of people . don't be fooled . this grotesque oversimplification of awkward forays into passion may be quickly forgotten , remembered only as cold , boring , philosophically arid , and incompetently photographed . the hyperviolent climactic sequence proves so extraordinarily misguided that i honestly wondered whether breillat had thrown in an impromptu dream sequence . twelve years old , a bundle of dough with a sour pout , the superb ana ? s reboux plays the titular fat girl with a thousand yard stare and a frumpy insouciance . ( her character is also named ana ? s . ) sitting at the table morosely slurping down a banana split , her presence is grounded and heartbreaking . it's a pity breillat never finds anything for her to do other than get defensive against her evil storybook sister , 15-year old elena ( roxane mesquida ) , for bringing a transitory boyfriend home to their shared room . in this summer cottage , ana ? s has no escape from her position as stoic bedside observer to elena's depressing confusion of cheap sex with romance . the boy in question , a smug italian college kid named fernando ( libero de rienzo ) is a real piece of work , claiming that the experience is a declaration of love while begging for a blowjob . ana ? s doesn't receive any warmth from her largely absent parents , who join elena in making fun of her hefty girth . she finds pleasure in wandering the beach alone , singing songs to herself , and swimming in the pool kissing the metal railing and pretending that it's her paramour . reboux commands the screen , but there's only so much a child actress can do recounting pretentious monologues to herself . if one is inspired to rescue this young performer and place her in a better movie , at least she fares better than the other young talent asked to perform in intense love scenes that might feel justified if they weren't so dramatically misguided . this 83-minute vignette is something of a horror show , but breillat saves her nastiest poison for the very end . on the long ride home punctuated by an uncomfortable silence between family members , gigantic trucks swerve by as the hour grows late . will mommy fall asleep at the wheel ? perhaps . or maybe there's something deadlier around the corner , lying in wait to pounce upon the unsuspecting fat girl . what's more , she might even like it . with the intent of being unfair and unpredictable , placing her heroine in the most diabolical of corners in order to face up to impending adulthood , breillat's extreme flourish of sadistic tawdriness reveals her as a master purveyor of contempt . fat girl is a bitter pill indeed . aka ? ma soeur ! screened at the 2001 new york film festival ( feature coming soon ) . 
vikings v . bears ? no , this isn't the lineup for monday night football . rather , these are the two opposing forces that will battle to the death in " the 13th warrior , " a film that is as dramatically flat as it is gratuitously gory . based on michael crichton's book , eaters of the dead , this viking saga tries to evoke the mysticism of fabled norsemen and the glorious battles that they fought . their strength and honor would eventually etch their place in history among the greatest warriors that ever picked up a sword . luckily for the vikings , however , their warring abilities were not as clumsy as this film . antonio bandaras is ahmed , a travelling ambassador . accompanied by his friend ( omar shariff in a cameo ) , they eventually come across a small viking village . we see that the vikings are an extremely proud group whose greatest strength is their fortitude . they laugh heartily , revel in their arrogance , and sing songs of battles won . but their festivities are about to be halted when a messenger boy arrives to tell the village leader that a great evil is threatening their land . help is needed quickly . an elderly , fortune-telling witch arrives . after a brief incantation , she proclaims that 12 warriors and one more " not of norse blood " are needed to ensure victory . personally , i always wonder why people believe these oracles when they look so haggardly and on the brink of insanity . nonetheless , 12 men eagerly accept their place while ahmed becomes the pivotal 13th . the group then sets out to do the greatest battle of their lives . of course during their ride , ahmed becomes the target of fun for the other 12 burly viking warriors . but he ably shows that it's not the size of the dog in the fight but rather the size of the fight in the dog . he is able to overcome the proud arrogance of the vikings , but will his skills ( and that of the group ) be enough to defeat whatever evil is menacing the countryside ? it does not look promising . these creatures , resembling bears , are strong and have high morale . they are fearless and display a desire for decapitating the heads of their enemies . they attack by the hundreds and the next strike will come soon . the warriors prepare their defenses and pray to their gods . they are ready to sacrifice their lives . " this is a good way to die , " says one of the fallen warriors . despite the larger-than-life battle sequences , i was unmoved by the entire experience . at many points , i was even confused . for example , somewhere in the middle of the film , a sub-plot creeps up involving the prince of the threatened land . he seems to have an agenda to elevate himself to greater power during this crisis . however , the sub-plot never fully materializes , and we are left scratching our heads as to the purpose of its inclusion . there are other questions that i had , but the real problem was that the story ( little of it that there was ) offered no characters to love or hate . the leader of the viking warriors had the most charisma . however , banderas's role is completely underwritten and it is unclear why being the 13th warrior makes him so special . an entire rewrite of the ahmed character is in order . also , much of the action takes place during torrential downpours or at night , which made battles very difficult to follow . i would have preferred more time looking at the viking culture and how their beliefs shaped their decision to do battle against the enemy . as it stands , the film manages more confusion than intensity . it would make thor cry . 
terrence malick made an excellent 90 minute film adaptation of james jones' world war ii novel . unfortunately , he buried it within an overlong and overreaching 3-hour long pseudo-epic . this is a shame because the film features an outstanding performance by nick nolte . the best scene is when nick nolte's character , lt . col . tall , is forced to deal with the direct refusal by capt . staros ( elias koteas ) to execute an order . nolte's reaction and transformation may be the best work of his career . had terrence malick concentrated on the great performances of nolte and koteas as well as those by sean penn , woody harrelson , and john cusack , he could have made a truly great film . instead , malick saddled the film with plodding pacing , unnecessary flashbacks , and a voice-over narration all designed to telegraph the great philosophical underpinnings of the story . the narration was especially annoying as much of it sounded like very bad high school poetry . with a lot of editing , the core story could be transformed into a truly classic war film . hopefully , the dvd version of this film will feature options to suppress the narration , and perhaps will even provide for an alternate , shorter version of the film . i give this film . 
bob the happy bastard's quickie review : the odd couple ii grumpy old men , it ain't . hell , my fellow americans , it ain't . walter matthau and jack lemmon team up again for an even more worn out vehicle than any of their films over the past few years . odd couple ii feels terribly generic , where in the first movie , made thirty one years ago , feels like a wonderful tale . that's like repackaging campbell's soup in a generic food can , really . how writer neil simon could've made such a horrible mistake in screen writing is beyond me . throughout the movie , i really didn't laugh once . honestly . i mean , there were dumb situations , yeah , like the cropduster who let these old geezers have it without any notice , but they just really didn't seem funny to me . and that car rolling off the cliff ? the only way i would've seen humor in that is if they were still in it . and the ending gets all super-mushy , too . in the final twenty minutes or so , lemmon meets a girl he thinks is the one , then loses her ; matthau talks to his son ( a wasted jonathan silverman ) about his amrriage to lemmon's daughter ; and , of course , lemmon and matthau have another roomie situation on their hands . ooh , i really gave a lot away there , i'm sure . consider it a hospitable gester , you won't waste your time renting this muck . 
as the twin surfer dudes , stew and phil deedle , lay bandaged and unconscious in the hospital , phil comes to first and chooses the coolest way to wake his brother . yanking out his iv , he uses it like a water pistol to soak his brother's face . this bit of lame physical humor is typical of disney's meet the deedles , a movie more to be endured that watched . ( i stopped looking at my wife during the screening , since every time i did , she'd start sticking her finger in her throat . and she's right , it is that bad . ) directed without any imagination by steve boyum , whose long background in film is mainly in stunts and in second unit direction , the film limps along at best . boyum attempts to keep the pace moving by staging stunts , stunts and more stunts . amazingly for someone with his background , he seems incapable of finding any fresh ones , and we have a car go off the road five different times -- maybe more . but who's counting ? and then there is the script by james herzfeld , whose only other film , tapeheads from a decade ago , was so awful that it is considered a cult classic . meet the deedles , however , is painfully bad rather than laughably bad . it will probably be in and out of the theaters like a tornado and is in no danger of becoming a classic anything . herzfeld treats us to gratingly abysmal dialog that includes " your geyser's a geezer , " and " i'd like to put a deedle in her haystack . " as the movie opens , the twins , who at one point describe themselves modestly as " a walking kodak moment , " are celebrating their 18th birthday . as they ride a parasail high above the waters of waikiki , a truant officer pursues them on his jet ski . as heirs to the fabulous fortune of the deedle empire , the boys are sent by their father to camp broken spirit at yellowstone to transform the two laid-back beach bums into men . as they arrive in their wetsuits in yellowstone , they've got their surfboards , skateboards , and a hawaiian drink machine the size of an armoire . their camp has gone out of business , but they are mistaken for new park rangers . the rest of the movie has them fighting the park's overpopulation of prairie dogs as well as a deranged ex-ranger , played by dennis hopper , who is out to stop old faithful before its billionth birthday celebration , scheduled for later in the week . hopper , who has made some wonderful movies , carried away being a recent favorite , does have a propensity for choosing some truly odoriferous material . this isn't his worst acting , but meet the deedles is arguably the worst movie he's ever been in . steve van wormer and paul walker , as stew and phil , give lifeless performances . the only actor in the movie with any demonstrable talent is a cute little prairie dog named petey . even the cinematography by david hennings is so prosaic that it manages to make yellowstone look dull . to add insult to injury , hennings is fond of inappropriate close-ups , which only serve to remind us of the inanity of the dialog . put a ten-foot pair of lips on the screen , and you naturally pay extra attention to what is said . although boyum says in the notes that he is proud that his film is appropriate for families , one wonders how many skateboarders will attempt the movie's stunt of lying on your back on a skateboard while negotiating a busy and twisting mountain road . they make it look like so much fun that i'm sure many will try some variation of the stunt . " how could this possibly be worst , " asks phil . just when you suspect it can't , the movie takes a turn further downhill . its low point may have you looking for an airline barf bag . after phil's girlfriend digs up a big mount of moist soil , they suck in a long worm . like the two dog lovers eating spaghetti in lady and the tramp , their lips finally meet in a kiss . as they pull back , their faces are full of the dirt that encased the worm they have just ingested . meet the deedles runs about an hour and a half . it is rated pg for a little bathroom humor and would be acceptable for kids around 6 and up . my son jeffrey and his friend nickolas , both almost 9 , gave the show * * * . they both thought the scenes with petey were among their favorites . nickolas also mentioned the scene in which the circus bear drives a jeep , and jeffrey especially liked the one in which the circus elephant was referred to as dumbo . 
cashing in on the success of white men can't jump and the failure of most of their solo vehicles ( including the cowboy way and drop zone ) , wesley snipes and woody harrelson have reteamed , hoping that they can strike up the same success . sadly , if this dismal , cliche ridden and mind-numbingly boring action pic is anything to go by , they haven't got a chance in hell of even coming close . this time out , the duo play foster brothers who are transit cops . following several run-ins with their tyrannical boss ( robert blake ) , who is obsessed with the " money train " --a train which carries all the subway's takings--and will let nothing stop it ( now * there's * an original plot device ) , harrelson's character decides to try and take off with the cash . along the way , both of them fall in love with the same woman--another transit cop who also hates her boss . this leads to the typical sibling rivalry crap that you usually find in a film of this standard ( 'you were always the better brother' etc . etc . etc . ) , and doesn't help to add anything to the film . given a better script , better performers in supporting roles and a shorter running time ( the film almost went for two hours--or did it just feel like it ? ) , this film might ( and i mean * might * ) have turned out okay , but as it is , it is stocked with the worst action film cliches , whose only purpose appears to be to pad the film out to its painfully long running time . robert blake , who plays the evil boss , has got to be the most pathetic bad guy in film history ! he sounds like wayne newton , and appears to think the best way to appear evil is to have your eyes bulging as though they are about to burst out of their sockets ! but this is only one of money train's problems . if you look at the script as if it was an action film , it lacks originality and suspense . but if you try to look at it as if it were a heist film , it is even worse . the final robbery sequence is almost trivialised and the characters definitely ain't butch and sundance . the film isn't all bad though . snipes and harrelson , when they aren't using the dumb cliches that the script gives them , make an agreeable duo , and some of the stunt-work is indeed excellent . but good stunt-work cannot save a bottom-of-the-barrel action movie . if you're a really undemanding action freak , there's a chance you'll like this . but if you're looking for something original , or suspenseful , try somewhere else--i doubt you'll find it here . 
what would inspire someone who cannot write or act to pen and star in a movie ? a better question , what would inspire a studio to produce said movie ? if you have an answer , let me know . foolish , the new movie written by and starring master p is a jaw-droppingly horrible film , one with no redeeming value socially , cinematically or otherwise . comedically it has some potential , but only in its stand-up comedy moments , which i can turn on comedy central for . master p stars as fifty dollah' ( beat that ! ) as a mobster ( i think ) who is trying to start a comedy club/act with his little brother foolish ( eddie griffin ) . but the two of them have to deal with an angry mob boss ( played by andrew dice clay , for the very first time entertaining ) , a stubborn club owner and family problems ( the latter in foolish is a perfect example of roger ebert's " idiot plot , " if everyone here wasn't an idiot , there would be no problem ) so what does foolish have to offer beside a bunch of idiotic character names ? not a hell of a lot . as i have mentioned , master p cannot act or write . he acts like the rapper that he is . the occasional despair that his script requires him to exhibit is excruciatingly forced , as are his warm and fuzzy scenes with his little bro . as for his script -- well , i suppose he delivers what one would expect from a musical artist with no previous screenwriting experience . if you haven't yet figured it out , that is not saying much . co-star eddie griffin ( really the star of the show ) is quite a different story . the fact of the matter is that griffin , whose most significant screen outing to date is probably the mildly successful tv show malcolm and eddie on the fledgling upn network , is an extremely talented comedian , stand-up and otherwise . he has much in common with chris tucker ( rush hour , money talks ) in how quickly and effortlessly his speech flows from his lips . he spouts profanity with impressive dexterity ( to the extent which that can be done ) , and while i hope that does not become his trademark it works in a few scenes in this movie . and indeed , i laughed at a few stand-up scenes here , but from a feature-length movie i expect more . foolish provided me with no reason to care for these characters . every scene which has any potential for dramatic impact is effectively diffused by either a stupid joke ( in a scene where tension escalates between the two brothers , foolish blurts out towards his jewelry-sporting sibling " you lay one hand on me and this cemetary is going to be a gold rush " ) or something even more idiotic such as foolish smashing his own car ( to which i said , a bit too loudly for the occasion " huh ? " ) after getting slightly upset with his wife . believe me when i say that there is nothing in foolish that warrants parting with your hard-earned $8 . you'll get more laughs from watching 30 minutes of comedy central or any virtually any sitcom if you don't have cable . eddie griffin fans may enjoy this derivative ( although offensive ) yarn , but everyone else should stay the hell away . &#137 ; 
what happens when you put martin lawrence in a fat suit in real life ? you get martin lawrence in a coma ( the comedian thought he was getting fat , so he put on numerous layers of heavy clothing and went jogging in 100 degree heat , ending up in a coma ) . so what happens when you put martin lawrence in a fat suit in the movies ? you get an audience in a coma . in big momma's house , lawrence plays a fbi agent who's a master of disguises . when a naughty , naughty man escapes from jail and seeks out his former girlfriend ( the very sexy nia long . . . the only thing worth looking at in this movie ) , she flees to georgia to stay with her rather large southern aunt " big momma " ( ella mitchell ) . the fbi follows her in order to recover the large sum of money stolen in the bank robbery that sent the naughty man to jail . however , big momma is called away on an emergency . sensing that they could lose their only chance to capture the criminal , lawrence goes undercover as big momma . and let the comedy begin ! big momma's house is the definition of a " gimmick " movie if there ever was one . the plot can basically be summed up as " martin lawrence dresses up as a fat woman " . . . and even that description is too wordy . you can just see this script plotted out on a chalkboard with martin lawrence/fat woman in the middle of the board with a big circle around it , and all sorts of clich ? d , " humorous " situations pointing to it . fat woman plays basketball ! fat woman takes a dump ! fat woman kung fu ! well they left one off the board . . . movie critic slips into coma ! paul giamatti ( private parts , the negotiator ) plays lawrence's partner and as much as i enjoy his work , even he can't inject life into this lifeless comedy . hell , the greatest performers on the planet couldn't make this material work . . . it's just that awful . 
plot : a young french boy sees his parents killed before his eyes by tim roth , oops . . . i mean , an evil man . he vows revenge on that man and is taught the ways of the musketeer by some old dude who used to be one himself ? anyway , fourteen years go by and . . . arrgh , well , you know the rest . . . swish-swish-zzzzzzz ! critique : this is a pretty bad movie . let's see , where should i start ? okay , first of all , the story is just plain boring . it's not original , is entirely predictable and lacks energy . okay , what's next ? acting , you say . hmmmm , well , the main actor , justin chambers , is basically an uncharismatic version of chris o'donnell but with less range ( think about that ! ) , and mena suvari , is just plain off . not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss-poor accent that comes and goes . now i'm not sure if this was ms . suvari's fault or the director's , but i've definitely seen her at a much higher level than in this film . the only semi-saving grace actor-wise is tim roth as the irrepressible " bad guy " , but once again , it's not something that we haven't seen before . . . a thousand times . . . by the same guy ! ! tim , please . . . for the love of god , beg your agent to ask the marketplace for some modern day " american roles " for you as a " nice guy " in a romantic comedy or something . stretch , dude . . . stretch ! ! we all know that you can do much better than this gunk . alright , what else was bad in this film ? oh yeah , the score ! yikes , how's about taking it down a few notches there , fellas ? this thing blares in your ear whenever it feels the need to accentuate a certain scene , but actually does little more than annoy . i think it's important for the man behind the music to recognize that this film isn't a " real epic " by any stretch of the imagination . it's a fluffy rehashed cake-walk created by some " shrewd " studio heads who decided to take advantage of the whole " kung-fu " phenomenon in films , and test it out on an old classic . dudes . . . you failed all around ! ( keep reading ) the editing is also pretty shoddy in this movie , the dialogue banal and stilted and the plot problems . . . plentiful ! ( why does the guy on top of the horse carriage just stand there when his opponent takes forever scampering his way back to the top ? why don't they just cut the mouseketeer's rope at the top of the tower , instead of jumping down on their own chords and fighting him while hanging ? why doesn't anybody look a day older , when the sequence says " 14 years later " ? ( at least . . . change your shirt , man ! ) keep in mind that i have never strayed away from championing certain movies that are created simply for the sake of a " fun time " , but this flick just didn't cut it for me . it was boring for stretches , the acting was atrocious at times ( the " romantic " scene between suvari and chambers next to the lake reminded me of plays in high school which made you cringe ) , there was little reason to care for anyone and since when were the musketeers fat ? i will give the movie this much , and that is that its main reason for being ( its " raison-d'etre " , as the french would say ) , its fight sequences , do come through despite the lack of their numbers in the film . i was hoping that the movie would be packed with cool stuntwork as promoted in its trailer , but what you see there , are essentially the snippets from the two major ( and cool ) swashbuckling sequences from the film . the first comes right at the beginning of the movie , while the other essentially finishes the film off , hanging from the tower and juggling off ladders . the ladder sequence itself is a definite keeper but unfortunately the rest of the movie is just regurgitated crap . and can anyone please tell me how catherine deneuve got her name placed at the top of this film's credits ? hullo ? the film is called the musketeer and stars a dude name justin chambers . deneuve is barely in this movie ! ugh , just another small thing that annoyed me about this trash . now say it together , gang : " all for one , and one for all . . . we vow to stay away from it all ! ! " thank me later . where's joblo coming from ? a knight's tale ( 7/10 ) - american outlaws ( 5/10 ) - crouching tiger , hidden dragon ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the replacement killers ( 6/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 ) 
at the outset of swordfish , john travolta's gabriel shear is pontificating about the status of american cinema today . basically , he says , it boils down to a lack of imagination among the majority of writers . how ironic , as travolta seems to be describing his latest venture . swordfish is loud , violent and amoral . it has the audacity to justify murder and mayhem in the name of sustaining our way of life . and how does travolta's gabriel plan to do this ? by robbing billions from his own government and using the funds to out-terrorize terrorists . swordfish is a very cynical movie . it relies on an audience's perception of our leaders as ineffectual and duplicitous and on terrorists as non-human , faceless entities not worthy of compassion or consideration . the movie's plot is preposterous with enough illogical leaps that if the film ever slowed down , you'd actually see how ridiculous it all is . this is a live-action road runner cartoon , moving so quickly that it's over before you can catch your breath to ask any reasonable questions . the storyline revolves around super hacker stanley jobson ( hugh jackman ) , recruited by gabriel to crack the government's computer codes so gabriel can gather billions for his anti-terrorist campaign . talk about whacked-out patriotism . my objections to swordfish are many . the body count is high , but that is expected in a movie of this sort . it's becoming a bore watching anonymous soldiers , police officers and government agents blown to bits . another example is the family dynamics between stanley , his 10-year-old daughter and his ex-wife . stanley , though having served time in prison for hacking , is shown as a loving and caring father , forbidden by his ex to see his little girl . audience animosity is immediately created for his former spouse by showing her as a drinker and smoker who also sometimes stars in her new husband's adult films . thus when she is found murdered late in the movie , neither stanley nor his daughter are allowed any time to grieve . in fact , subconsciously , many in the audience are probably glad she was killed . then there is the sequence involving one of gabriel's henchman holding a gun to the head of stanley's daughter to coerce the hacker to download the key computer program for gabriel . children as pawns have become a most unwelcome clich ? in recent films . there is enough violence in the real world involving children without having to make them on-screen victims as well . yea , it's only make believe , but that doesn't mean you have to tolerate it . travolta is cool , deadly charming and flamboyant as the near-crazy gabriel . his character is reminiscent of his villainous characterizations in broken arrow and face/off . jackman looks dour through most of the proceedings . his only moment of any depth comes when he finally is able to create the worm to get inside the government database . his sense of joy and accomplishment is one any computer whiz can appreciate . halle berry is decorative and lovely as gabriel's assistant , while don cheadle is given little to do as the head fbi agent hunting gabriel . swordfish plays like a comic book with a larger-than-life character in gabriel . viewers align themselves with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero or villain . and maybe that is the movie's underlying flaw : there is no real hero to speak of , only those doing their upmost to survive . and that is not enough . this is one swordfish that should have been thrown back in the water . 
the " disney stick-to-what-you-do-best " rule states that disney's animated features will invariably be sublime but whenever they try their hand at live-action kids' entertainment , they will fail miserably . this goes double for occasions when they try to make a live-action adaptation of a popular cartoon ( remember the 1996 version of 101 dalmations ? i'm still trying to forget ) . that rule proves more dependable than ever with inspector gadget , an insulting , despicable and , worst of all , expensive piece of trash trying to pass itself off as a viable children's film . it will bore anyone over five and should prove unbearable for adults , even at its relatively skinny running time of 80 minutes . it's films like this that make me want to go to my local blockbuster and rent something from the days when brains were more important than budgets and wit compensated for lack of fancy effects . just as matthew broderick began to convince me that there is hope for him as an actor yet , his career takes a nosedive to hell with his " role " as john brown , a depressed security guard with a big heart who hopes that one day he can become a real policemen and help the people around him . he dreams of heroic deeds and the subsequent admiration of his long time crush , dr . brenda bradford ( joely fisher ) . but after a few bizarre coincidences it seems that he has to dream no longer . john breaks every bone in his body while trying to save dr . brenda's father . dr . brenda has been working on a " gadget project , " which would make a half-man half-machine super-policeman to fight crime . feeling indebted to john she decides to save his life by making him the subject , realizing his dream of becoming a policeman . now , when he says " go go gadget [insert name of gizmo here] " he can use all kinds of nifty gadgets to capture crooks , bang up bandits and mangle murderers . in the meantime , the evil claw ( rupert everett ) , the man responsible for the murder of the good doctor's father is building a gadget of his own : a carbon copy of our inspector gadget except evil and john brown's worst nemesis . claw has plans of world domination , which leaves it up to the inspector and his gadget mobile ( voice of d . l . hughley ) to save humanity from his wrath . state of the art effects fly at a mad pace in this $90 million dollar movie and yet director david kelogg never sets up a convincing atmosphere . had they replaced all the fancy gizmos with dollar bills they would have wound up with the same effect . what we see on the screen is like the raw ingredients of a meal : all of the expensive f/x amounts to nothing . part of the charm of the tv series was its sly irreverence which has gone down the toilet in the condescending movie . can kids really admire a hero so goody-two-shoes that he screams " hey ! you ran a stop sign ! " while hanging off the back bumper of a quickly moving vehicle ? i think that today's children will respond better to somebody dashing , someone ultra-cool . they ( probably ) receive enough preaching from their parents and its an insult to their intelligence to assume that they want to go to an action movie to see a father figure kick butt . in addition to the more complex complaints above , there's also the simple stuff : inspector gadget is boring , formulaic and achingly implausible . there's no feeling that the director really cares about his story : more than any other film i've seen this year , this one really feels like it was made on an assembly line . there's a popular commercial ( for sprite , but that's irrelevant ) running in movie theaters before features that spoofs the way major studios deal with projects . it consists of studio suits discussing a fictitious ( thank god ) movie called " death slug " . each executive gleefully presents a different merchandise tie-in ( slug taco ! slug on a stick ! ) . at the end one of them asks " what about the movie ? " another answers : " well , we don't have a script yet , but we can bang one out by friday . " they probably could have replaced " death slug " with inspector gadget . this film contains the sort of logical contradictions and blatantly obvious adherence to formula that could have been eliminated had any attention been payed to the script . it's no coincidence that most good children's entertainment these days comes from animation . animated features take so long to maker that it becomes a labor of love for the filmmakers and they put care and pride into their work . these kinds of films are banged out quicker and a good percentage turn out worthless , sloppy and impersonal . the studios are becoming factories and films their assembled products . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; 
it's a rare treat when a quality horror film is released in the theater . and unfortunately with man's best friend , we'll be waiting a while longer . the film stars ally sheedy and lance henrikson in a tale of bio-genetics gone wrong . sheedy plays a nosy reporter whose need for a " good " story provokes her to snoop inside of emax , a poorly guarded million dollar bio-lab that she finds herself effortlessly intruding . the result : she unleashes the experimental wonder dog named max , a german shepherd with genetic recombination allowing it to swallow like a snake , camouflage like a chameleon , climb trees like a leopard , and attack with the strength of tiger . max takes a liking to sheedy , and she finds herself protecting the animal from the cruel technological realm of emax , owned by henrikson . well , it doesn't take long before the hormonally unstable biohazard unleashes his jowls upon the unsuspecting suburban landscape which offers max juicy leg of mailman , etc . . . sheedy is a boring non-presence on the screen , tripping through the enormous plot chasms neglected by the writer/director ( i apologize for a lack of credits . i suppose i was eager to leave the theater , and in my rush , forgot to take note of the director , writer , producer , etc . . . ) . henrikson offered the only relief from the contrived narration of the script , giving his character as much development as he could considering the flat dialogue plaguing the film . the movie depends upon it's ability to impress the audience with animal special effects , but all it presents is a dog that can growl , open door handles with his paw , sit , roll over , play dead , and sick . the rest of the special effects were so poor , i found them offensive . the film attains sub-mediocrity , an unambitious film at best . horror fans might find that cujo offers a better bite . 
capsule : silly and inane adaptation of gibson's short story , which is nowhere in sight . gibson's script only adds insult to injury . johnny mnemonic is an awesomely bad movie . i say " awesomely " because it's one thing to fail , but another thing entirely to fail so completely that even the chances for camp value are sabotaged . keanur reeves ( who is terrible ) stars as johnny , an " information courier " who can carry dozens of gigabytes of data in his head . he is given " one last job " ( whenever you are in a movie and you hear those words , run ) , which involves him shoving so much data into his cranium that it could be lethal . one of the neater touches that the movie brings in is that the only way he could make such an arrangement work was by ditching all of his childhood memories , but it's only followed up on in a token fashion . for his trouble , johnny gets chased by the yakuza , who seem to be the new bad guys in all the high-tech thrillers . what's funny is that if you watch gangster movies made * in * japan , there are whole gobs of details about genuine yakuza behavior and ethics , but of course there's no room in this movie for any of that . the yakuza are simply used to point guns , wave swords , flaunt tattoos , and grimace menacingly . ( i could go on about how gangsters and criminals of many other ethnicities have gotten thoughtful examinations in the movies -- bound by honor , sugar hill and american me come to mind -- when asians remain perpetually stereotyped . but that's another essay . ) anyway , johnny runs and eventually winds up in newark . why newark ? maybe because it was cheaper to fake a future newark than a future new york , that's why . there , he meets an assortment of odd characters ( ice-t , dolph lundgren and henry rollins play a whole gallery of weirdos ) . the script deals with them with all the depth of pieces of furniture . it turns out ( what else ? ) that the data in johnny's head could save a lot of people , but of course johnny only wants it out of his head so it doesn't kill him . handled right , this could have been absorbing , but the script manages to mangle any chance of real sympathy for johnny at every opportunity . the details about the look and feel of the future are all phoned in from other , better movies -- blade runner and brazil come to mind . everything looks run-down and scummy , everyone dresses like they're punk rockers , and videophones are commonplace . snore . the only really interesting flourish is an extended depiction of the way the internet might work in the future ( complete with vr goggles and feedback gloves ) , but i kept thinking that it was more like what some relatively un-technical fellow would * think * it would look and behave like . a hacker of johnny's caliber would be blasting away with one command-line function after another , instead of wasting all this time twiddling with holograms , but of course that's not cinematic . whatever . what went wrong with this movie ? gibson wrote his own screenplay , which i guess is part of the problem : what works as a short story doesn't work in a movie . his ear for dialogue is terrible and the plot doesn't advance , it convulses . from the script on out , it was probably all downhill . renting the movie to make fun of it is sort of pointless ; there's no fun in kicking a wounded dog , is there ? 
when robert forster found himself famous again after appearing in " jackie brown " , he immediately signed up for a little film called " american perfekt " . this was almost two years ago . i waited patiently for the film to be released , but it never was . finally , i forgot about it . the other day , though , while i was perusing the selection of the local video store , i stumbled upon , you guessed it , " american perfekt " . i immediately rented it and with a certain amount of glee , rushed home to view it . having now seen the film , i understand why it never saw theatrical release . " american perfekt " is a jumbled mess . the storyline is non-existent . it took me half the movie just to figure out what was going on . and at that point , the only thing i really knew for sure was that the movie was * never * going to introduce a plot of some sort . it wants to get by on quirkyness and so-called charm alone , and it just doesn't work . robert forster plays a psychiatrist who picks up amanda plummer , and they head off on the road together . along the way to no discernable destination , they run into all sorts of kooky and wacky characters . i suppose this free-wheeling , no plot style is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitment , but all it did was make me sleepy . i'm all for trying new things within the realm of film , but not at the expense of coherence . nothing in this movie makes sense . the actions of the characters go unexplained , even when they're truly bizarre . i'll give you an example , without giving too much away . david thewlis has a part as a drifting con-man . at one point , mid-way through the movie , he runs forster and plummer off the road with his car . as he passes them , we see that his face is covered in blood . do you think we would get an explanation as to what happened to him ? you would think so , wouldn't you . " american perfekt " is a waste of time . nothing is gained from watching this movie , except maybe a migraine . and if you do rent it , don't bother trying to figure out what's going on in the hopes that everything will be resolved by the end . this doesn't happen . and no explanation is given for the misspelling of " perfect " , either . 
weighed down by tired plot lines and spielberg's reliance on formulas , _saving private ryan_ is a mediocre film which nods in the direction of realism before descending into an abyss of cliches . there ought to be a law against steven spielberg making movies about truly serious topics . spielberg's greatest strength as a director is the polished , formulaic way in which every aspect of the film falls carefully into place to make a perfect story . but for a topic of such weight as combat in the second world war ( or the holocaust ) this technique backfires , for it creates coherent , comprehensible and redemptive narratives out of events whose size , complexity and evil are utterly beyond the reach of human ken . in this way spielberg trivializes the awesome evil of the stories he films . _saving private ryan_ tells the story of eight men who have been detailed on a " pr mission " to pull a young man , ryan ( whose three other brothers were just killed in fighting elsewhere ) out of combat on the normandy front just after d-day . ryan is a paratrooper who dropped behind enemy lines the night before the landings and became separated from his fellow soldiers . the search for him takes the eight soldiers across the hellish terrain of world war ii combat in france . there's no denying spielberg came within shouting distance of making a great war movie . the equipment , uniforms and weapons are superbly done . the opening sequence , in which captain miller ( tom hanks ) leads his men onto omaha beach , is quite possibly the closest anyone has come to actually capturing the unendurably savage intensity of modern infantry combat . another pleasing aspect of the film is spielberg's brave depiction of scenes largely unknown to american audiences , such as the shooting of prisoners by allied soldiers , the banality of death in combat , the routine foul-ups in the execution of the war , and the cynicism of the troops . the technical side of the film is peerless , as always . the camera work is magnificent , the pacing perfect , the sets convincing , the directing without flaw . hanks will no doubt be nominated for an oscar for his performance , which was utterly convincing , and the supporting cast was excellent , though ted danson seems a mite out of place as a paratroop colonel . yet the attempt at a realistic depiction of combat falls flat on its face because realism is not something which can be represented by single instances or events . it has to thoroughly permeate the context at every level of the film , or the story fails to convince . throughout the movie spielberg repeatedly showed only single examples of the grotesque wounds produced by modern mechanized devices ( exception : men are shown burning to death with relative frequency ) . for example , we see only one man with guts spilled out on the ground . here and there men lose limbs ; in one scene miller is pulling a man to safety , there's an explosion , and miller looks back to see he is only pulling half a man . but the rest of the corpses are remarkably intact . there are no shoes with only feet in them , no limbs scattered everywhere , no torsos without limbs , no charred corpses , and most importantly , all corpses have heads ( in fairness there are a smattering of wicked head wounds ) . the relentless dehumanization of the war , in which even corpses failed to retain any indentity , is soft-pedaled in the film . ultimately , _saving private ryan_ bows to both hollywood convention and the unwritten rules of wartime photography in its portrayal of wounds and death in war . rather than saying _saving private ryan_ is " realistic , " it would be better to describe it as " having realistic moments . " another aspect of the " hollywoodization " of the war is the lack of realistic dialogue and in particular , the lack of swearing . anyone familiar with the literature on the behavior of the men during the war , such as fussell's superb _wartime : understanding and behavior in the second world war_ ( which has an extensive discussion on swearing ) , knows that the troops swore fluently and without letup . " who is this private ryan that we have to die for him ? " asks one infantrymen in the group of eight . rendered in wartime demotic , that should have been expressed as " who is this little pecker that we have to get our dicks shot off for him ? " or some variant thereof . conversations should have been literally sprinkled with the " f " word , and largely about ( the search for ) food and sex . this is all the more inexplicable because the movie already had an " r " rating due to violence , so swearing could not possibly have been eliminated to make it a family film . however , the most troubling aspect of the film is the spielbergization of the topic . the most intense hell humans have ever created for themselves is not emotionally wrenching enough for steven spielberg . he cannot just cede control to the material ; he has to be bigger than it . as if afraid to let the viewer find their own ( perhaps unsettled and not entirely clear ) emotional foothold in the material , spielberg has to package it in hallmark moments to give the war a meaning and coherence it never had : the opening and closing scenes of ryan and his family in the war cemetary ( reminscent of the closing scene from _schindler's list ) , the saccharine exchange between ryan and his wife at the close ( every bit as bad as schindler's monologue about how his car , tiepin or ring could have saved another jew ) , quotes from abraham lincoln and emerson , captain miller's last words to private ryan , and an unbelievable storyline in which a prisoner whom they free earlier in the movie comes back to kill the captain . that particular subplot is so hokey , so predictable , it nigh on ruins the film . nowhere in the film is there a resolute depiction of the meaninglessness , stupidity and waste which characterized the experience of war to the men who actually fought in combat ( imagine if miller had been killed by friendly fire or collateral damage ) . because of its failure to mine deeply into the terrible realities of world war ii , _saving private ryan_ can only pan for small truths in the shallows . . 
when a film is produced on a shoestring budget by a couple of hardworking filmmakers and when it tells the story of a genuine tragedy , the easy path for a reviewer who hated the movie is to give it a pass . toss out your usual objectivity , ignore how many times you checked your watch while viewing it , forget how unbearable it was to sit through , and find some meaningless way to compliment it . this , of course , will be of no service to your readers , but at least you'll avoid the hate mail from the movie's fans . thus it is with a heavy heart that i review the movie paulina ( not to be confused with the recent movie paulie about a talking parrot ) . directed by vicky funari as a labor of intense love - she spent the last one third of her life on film - the movie blends documentary footage with historic and fanciful recreations to relate the bitterly sad and true story of paulina cruz suarez . paulina was a maid in vicky's household when vicky was young . i got to learn the film's background when i attended a screening in which the two women who made it were present . for those without such context , the reaction to the film may be that it is a parody of a bad indie film . the acting is amateurish , the story is maudlin , and it has all the visual appeal of a bad home movie . grainy and overexposed , the movie , shot on 16mm film and videotape , has little to recommend it . confusingly composed , the movie jumps about jarringly as it tells its story . quite bloody at times , the story , full of horrific images , seems designed to shock and repulse us . why else would you include a scene with a completely nude and bloody 8-year-old paulina ? another scene has a teenage paulina being fondled on a bus by the man sitting next to her . in retaliation , she bites off part of his finger . this covers the both of them in a bucket of blood . the passengers on the bus then view the girl in their minds as everything from saint to sinner . one , for example , sees her as an aztec priestess holding out a large heart that she had just cut from a body . the lugubrious tale has paulina being raped and beaten . certainly she had to endure a miserable life . but that does not guarantee that a movie about her will necessarily being good . i felt trapped in the theater watching it . only the opportunity to talk with the filmmakers afterwards made the movie bearable . paulina runs 1 : 28 . the film is in spanish with english subtitles . it is not rated but would be an r for violence and nudity and would be acceptable for older teenagers . 
by the time dennis quaid , the ostensible star of switchback , makes his first appearance at about the 22-minute mark , you may find yourself wondering why he bothered . after all , writer/director jeb stuart has already set up a fairly promising pair of parallel story lines . the first finds amarillo , texas sheriff buck olmstead ( r . lee ermey ) facing a hotly-contested election battle just as a brutal double homicide is discovered at a motel in his jurisdiction . as olmstead begins his investigation , we also meet the two men who come to be our prime suspects . lane dixon ( jared leto ) is an enigmatic young hitchhiker ; bob goodall ( danny glover ) is the jovial motorist who offers lane a ride from texas to his utah destination . all the necessary conflicts seem to be in place -- the internal struggle of olmstead over the clash between good politics and good police work , and the external struggle as one of the two travelers eventually becomes villain to the other's protagonist . but then quaid shows up as grimly determined fbi agent frank lacrosse . lacrosse is certain that the amarillo murders are the work of a serial killer he has been tracking for nearly two years . he's not supposed to be tracking him any more -- according to the bureau , they've got their man -- but lacrosse has a very important reason for believing otherwise . two months earlier , lacrosse's own son was kidnapped by the killer , and the boy has yet to turn up anywhere . lacrosse knows his killer's work , and he knows that the man is still out there somewhere trying to continue their game . it wouldn't be fair to reduce everything that's wrong with switchback to quaid's presence , but it's a pretty good place to start . there's a reason lacrosse feels like an intruder in the narrative instead of its vital center : as a dramatic actor , dennis quaid possesses exactly one facial expression and one vocal intonation . we can tell lacrosse is determined because his face is a perpetual tight-jawed , sourpuss pucker ; we can tell he's grim because every word comes out in an eastwood-esque rasp . a more flexible performer might have given weight to the character , pulling the audience into his haunted intensity , making switchback _his_ film . quaid merely looks annoyed and slightly constipated . it's tough to become emotionally invested in a character's turmoil when it looks like all he really needs is a big bowl of bran flakes . even without quaid , it doesn't appear that switchback would have stayed on course . the early scenes between leto and glover have a lively energy , building our curiosity over which man -- the taciturn kid or his gregarious benefactor -- is the real threat . unfortunately , stuart tips his hand far too early in the game , both through the pitch of the individual performances and the facts he chooses to reveal . once the mystery of the killer's identity is dispatched , the interaction between leto and glover becomes stale and predictable . in fact , " stale and predictable " describes the direction that switchback takes in general , falling back on far-too-common hollywood devices like cats jumping out of nowhere , a climactic fistfight on board a freight train , and edgy law enforcement agents . it's too bad stuart wasn't willing to spend more time with sheriff olmstead , far and away the most interesting and appealing character in the film . played with atypical restraint by r . lee ermey , he's a wonderful , unconventional hero who seems genuinely comfortable accepting the consequences of acting on his convictions . a film focusing on the olmstead would have signaled a film-maker willing to take a few risks with his casting and story-telling . instead , stuart places his trust in a " name " star who can't carry the material . maybe next time he'll throw away that one crucial page in the script , the one where the grimly determined fbi agent wanders onto the scene to muck up a perfectly good story . 
this is the first film in what would become the most successful series of horror films of all time . a fair warning to those of you who might be inclined to watch this movie for the first appearance of everyone's favorite goalie-mask-wearing homicidal maniac . jason , the guy who single handedly controlled the overpopulation problem around the crystal lake area , doesn't start his quest to find the most interesting household item with which to kill someone until the sequel . while he does have a small role in this film , we the audience have to depend on another blood thirsty maniac to rack up the body count . the plot , like every other friday the 13th movie goes something like this -- crazed killer murders as many unsuspecting teenagers as he/she/it possibly can in the space of a 90 minute movie . the reasons that the afore mentioned unsuspecting teenagers come into contact with the bloodthirsty killer are usually of little importance to the story . but for those of you out there that might actually care about such trivial matters in a movie such as a plot , here are the basics . a bunch of unsuspecting teens get a summer job at a long closed summer camp . they are days away from the arrival of the kids and they are spending their time fixing the place up and making sure it is ready for the kids . sadly , they start being butchered one by one by the bloodthirsty killer . at this point i would usually say something about the quality of acting , directing or maybe something about the high quality of the production . since i'm not going to do that , feel free to assume that if i did , it wouldn't be positive . i will say that this movie looks as if it was made for about a hundred bucks , and that includes the actors' salaries . if you are used to recent horror films like scream , you are in for a bit of a surprise . the only saving grace for friday the 13th is that it was really the first of its kind , with the killer taking real pride in their work . using as many methods of murder as they could . none of this single murder weapon stuff life that unimaginative leatherface in chainsaw massacre , or the creatively stifled imagination of halloween's michael myers who just used brute force or a really big kitchen knife . nope , in the friday the 13th movies , you can always count on the killer taking great pride in his work . one fun fact about this movie is that the cast includes a very young kevin bacon , although after this movie it is a wonder he ever worked again . the main reason to see friday the 13th is if you want to watch all of the series from the beginning . if not , stick with the later films with jason , everyone's favorite hockey fan . friday the 13th is the sort of movie that is fun to sit down and get a couple of scares from , just don't sit down expecting a whole lot . 
" the world on land -- it's just too big for me . " starring tim roth , pruitt taylor vince , bill nunn , clarence williams iii . rated r . the legend of 1900s is the year's most absurd movie , a rambling , nonsensical piece of seafaring garbage that goes nowhere fast . it stars thespian extraordinaire tim roth , looking wistful as ever , as a guy named . . . 1900 . you heard right . his name is , in all actuality , 1900 . he was born on an ocean liner on 1/1/1900 ( uh , hence the name ) , abandoned and adopted by danny , a ship crewman . 1900 spends most of his early years hiding in the bowels of the ship because of danny's fear that he might be taken away from him because of " visa matters . " well , when 1900 is about 9 or so , he starts wondering all around the ship . one day , he discovers a grand piano . he sits down and starts playing . miraculously , what comes out is beautiful . a group of onlookers gathers to watch this stunning prodigy make such amazing music at such a young age . when one of the people who knows 1900 tells him that his playing the piano like that without permission is " totally against regulations " 1900 replies " f * ck the regulations ! " ho ho ho . 1900 grows up never setting foot on dry land . when he's about 30ish and can play the piano like nobody's business , onboard comes another musician . his name is max ( pruitt taylor vince ) and he plays the trumpet . after 1900 catches max barfing everywhere during a storm , he sits him down on the piano next to him , takes the piano's braces off and plays while the piano flies all around the hall , taking them with it . how the chair they're sitting on and the piano don't separate , i don't know , but this apparently isn't the kind of thing we're supposed to ask . after that , 1900 and max become friends . max is determined to get 1900 off the ship and discover what he is missing on land , but 1900 has no intention of doing so . what's more , he doesn't even want his music to go anywhere without him : when a record company hears about his talents , they come on board to make a record of his music , but after finding out that -- gasp ! -- they're going to make millions of copies , he breaks the record . the conflict of the movie is that after max , unsuccessful in his endeavor to get 1900 off the ship , gets off himself , he stumbles upon a record of 1900's music in a store . the record shouldn't exist because a ) 1900 never stepped on dry land and b ) the one record that was made on the ship was broken . ladies and gentlemen , it's a mystery ! the story itself is ludicrous and uninteresting and so are its elements . we're supposed to be roused by a climactic . . . piano duel ? there isn't anything in this movie with the potential to compel . 1900 comes off as a whiny , brooding , extremely unlikable man : i can't recall a single word he said that was not some sort of depressing pseudo- meditation on life . ditto for max , who doesn't seem to have a life outside his friendship with 1900 . tim roth plays 1900 with about as much panache as a fig leaf ; there's no spirit , no gusto to the character . he insists that he leads a happy life on the ship , but to us he is dead . pruitt taylor vince is a little more palatable , at least providing a moment of comic relief here and there to liven things up a bit . the highlight of the movie would have to be the eminently amusing clarence williams the iii as the arrogant , leering " king of jazz " who challenges 1900 to the aforementioned piano duel . the legend of 1900 was made by giuseppe tornatore , whose 1988 cinema paradiso is considered a masterpiece by many . this effort is utterly limp and lifeless . at once ridiculous , boring , narrow-sighted and pointless , this is one movie that should be -- and will be -- quickly forgotten . 
" return to horror high , " wants to be a couple different types of movies at once . the film tells the story of a low-budget horror movie being filmed at the closed-down crippen high , a school where a group of serial murders took place five years before . but what the cast and crew don't know is that a real killer , maybe the same one that was never apprehended , is going into action again . on one level , " return to horror high " is a slasher movie , and it is at this level that it works the best on . watching the film , which was made in 1987 , i couldn't help but take notice that the killer's costume was almost identital to that of the ghostface in , " scream , " and " scream 2 . " on another level , the film wants to be a slapstick comedy , and there are many hints of this throughout . unfortunately , most of these jokes fall flat . and the last thing the film wants to be is a " behind-the-scenes " look at an exploitation film being made . the only problem is that , while much of it is supposed to be from the movie itself being made , no cameras are shown filming it , thus making it far more confusing than it had to be . and to top it all off , the " twist " ending makes very little to no sense whatsoever , and so we are basically left with feeling as if we wasted our time . there are story developments that are beyond ludicrous , and plot holes you could drive a winnebago through . if you see the film , or have seen it , you'll know what i mean . the premise of " return to horror high , " is admittedly pretty crafty , and i liked the atmosphere of the school , which is where the whole thing takes place . but director froehlich , judging from this movie , is an incompetent director , except for being able to film the seldom suspeneful scene . well , come to think of it , there is only one scene that is actually scary , and it has to do with two actors being locked in a room as the killer tries to break in . but other than that two-minute distraction , " return to horror high , " is certainly no great shake . note : look for george clooney in a supporting role as one of the actors on the film . and strangely enough , he is the first character to get the ax . . . literally . 
it's been hours since i returned from the much anticipated sci-fi opus `mission to mars' , and i can still detect the reek of moldy cheddar . why ? the movie is a shoddy cheesefest full of digital eye candy , stapled carelessly onto a flimsy screenplay which somehow manages to leapfrog the great promise of a space opera , instead shooting for the angle of a feel-good science fiction drama more akin to `2001 : a space odyssey' . i got the feeling that most of my fellow movie-going patrons were expecting another `armageddon' . but no , `mission to mars' certainly isn't one large action sequence about colossal disaster . this is a supposedly thoughtful , family-friendly space flick in which the apocalyptic excitement takes a back seat to visual elegance and uplifting drivel . you have been warned . of course , crafting a tightly claustrophobic space drama is not impossible ( see `apollo 13' for an excellent example ) , but few directors possess the skill and craftsmanship to pull it off without seriously scarring their reputation . brian de palma has enough directorial expertise and visual wizardry up his sleeve to pull it off . when he gets his hands on an intelligent , systematically practical script like `the untouchables' or `mission : impossible' , the director has the ability to create a sound technical achievement ( although his overly indulgent style becomes bothersome more than occasionally ) . of course , there's also the inexcusable string of crap that has carried his name ( including `snake eyes' and the notorious bomb `the bonfire of the vanities' ) . . . . all of which makes me want to call de palma the most talented hack in hollywood . that term may be too harsh , but if i were judging him solely on the perpetual waste of talent that is `mission to mars' , my choice of words would have been slightly less lenient . if i were gary sinise , i wouldn't touch de palma with a 10-foot pole . sinise is a wonderful , wonderful actor , but after appearing in `snake eyes' and this vomit-inducing sham , i'm sure he wouldn't want to risk the embarrassment of a third collaboration . the academy award-winner plays nasa astronaut jim mcconnell , a man who recently lost his wife ( kim delaney ) and is apparently psychologically unfit for an upcoming space shuttle mission to mars ( oops , forgot to mention the year - 2020 ) . after a barbecue get-together for the astronauts , we cut to luc goddard ( don cheadle ) and his team , who are already taking measurements and calculations on the red planet . suddenly , a towering formation of rocks and soil - probably best dubbed a `sand tornado' - appears and creates a whirlwind of suction . for some reason , the astronauts just stand there calmly to admire this , as if it were a lovely piece of art . the team is killed within seconds , expect for luc , who was able to send one final transmission and may still be alive . immediately , a second mission - consisting of astronauts mcconnell , husband and wife woody and terri blake ( tim robbins and connie nielsen ) and phil ohlmyer ( jerry o'connell ) - are dispatched to rescue luc and discover the mysterious secret of planet mars . let's put the `secret' on hold for now , and discuss the trip there . it is explained , whether scientifically accurate or not ( probably not ) , that a trip to mars takes roughly six months . i'm not sure why the quartet of screenwriters behind `m2m' didn't capitalize on this juicy opportunity of creating tension and claustrophobia . instead , we join the team during their final days aboard the ship . what happened during the five months prior to this ? did they just play cards and tell dirty jokes ? still , there are few nicely tense moments ( maybe the only in the movie ) during the time-frame involving a fuel leak . depalma's direction is quite good in these scenes , although the score by ennio morricone is largely inconsistent ( organ music in space ? c'mon ) . there's a few good , imaginative ideas in the landslide of cheese , a sad realization that causes me to sigh out loud . it's a colossal bummer that `mission to mars' is poorly assembled and laughably written , with a dubious and supremely silly finale that will only satisfy dedicated optimists . as mentioned before , anyone looking for some disaster-movie carnage is going to feel savagely disappointed . . . maybe even cheated . after the unbelievably hokey final shot ( with the words ? the end' somehow adding insult to injury ) , a few audience members made the effort to boo and hiss at the screen . others muttered obscenities , shaking their heads in disbelief while mumbling `jeez , that sucked . ' okay , it did suck . but you have to show the actors some sympathetic mercy . . . after all , they do pretty well . sinise is sincere and effective in many of his scenes , robbins and nielsen wholeheartedly convince as a loving nasa couple , and funnyman o'connell - well , he has a couple lines are actually amusing ( and intentionally so ) . the digital effects accompanying the sand tornado sequence are quite impressive . so , by golly , where did this `mission' go wrong ? looking back on the appalling experience , i would say in practically every conduit and crevasse it could have . while watching `mission to mars' , my suggestion would be to immediately abort , or better yet , don't even strap yourself in for lift-off . 
well , as i check my score card for what i've done this holiday weekend , it reads good ideas : 0 and dumb ideas : 1 . i don't know what i was thinking when i decided to watch this movie . but in my defense , i can only say that it was someone else who urged me to see this with him . the film that i'm talking about is `a night at the roxbury , ' one of those offerings based on a saturday night live skit . wayne and garth , these two are not . rather , we meet doug and steve butabi ( the actors' names are not worth mentioning ) , two eternal partyers whose greatest ambitions in life seem to be finding a way to get into the hottest night club in the city , the roxbury . driving in their dad's bmw and donning metallic disco suits right out of miami vice , they try to bribe the bouncer to get into the club . `have you met my friend washington and his friend roosevelt , ' they confidently say as they pull out spare pocket change . their second greatest ambition seems to be oozing out as many silly pick-up lines as is humanly possible in order to start a conversation with a girl ( `let me see that label . just as i thought - made in heaven , ' says one of the brothers ) . and , like the losers that they are , they fail to do either for much of the film . however , as fate would have it , an accidental meeting with `what-ever-happened-to' richard grieco gives them the all-important ticket to get in . their sad lives take on a whole new direction . they make an important contact with the club owner who believes that these two brothers have uncanny insight into the club scene . and they are mistaken as rich swingers by two voluptuous young women . but their newfound popularity does not impress their father , who has other plans for them . the unfortunate thing about this film is that this is a one-joke movie , and the brothers are the joke . actually , there's about 10 mintues worth of tolerable stuff . alas , too long for tv and way too short for a feature-length film . thus , there just isn't enough material to sustain the 83-minute movie . there's no plot to be found and everything that these two do seem to culminate in an opportunity to execute their trademark move of snapping their heads in unison to the funky beat of haddaway's europop song , what is love . i was amazed that none of the two suffered from whiplash . to take up more film time , there is a subplot involving the daughter of the businessman next door who wants to marry doug . this creates not only friction between the brothers , but their unlikely pairing will also agitate audience members as well . she's educated and a forebearing witch . meanwhile , doug is a complete loser . how did these two ever get together ? i suppose that if i can ever figure out the answer to that question , i'll have figured out why i decided to go and see this movie . if you're looking for entertainment , you won't find it at the roxbury . 
" spawn " features good guys , bad guys , lots of fighting , bloody violence , a leather-clad machine gun chick , gooey , self-healing bullet holes , scatological humor and a man-eating monster . it not only appears to have been tailor made for a swarm of 12- and 13-year-old boys , it appears to have been made by them . in a classic example of telling and not showing , " spawn " opens with a truckload of mumbo jumbo about forces of darkness , forces of light and how " men are the ones who create evil on earth . " so much for a message . the movie then lurches forward into the plight of al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government assassin/operative who is murdered by diabolical boss jason wynn ( martin sheen , who plays all of his scenes like an oscar clip ) while on a top secret mission in a north korean biological weapons plant . simmons goes to hell and back , after making a deal with satan himself -- if he agrees to command the devil's army to overtake the world , he'll be allowed to return to earth to see his wife wanda ( underused theresa randle ) and little girl cyan ( sydni beaudoin ) . of course , seeing as how five years has passed , wanda has fallen for -- and married -- simmons' partner ( d . b . sweeney ) . his , uh , shoulder to cry on comes in the form of clown ( john leguizamo ) , a disgustingly disproportioned minion of satan's . clown manipulates simmons , now in superhuman spawn form , into a stand off with wynn . wynn , who thinks he is in league with the double-dealing clown , recognizes spawn as a threat and undergoes an operation where a bomb is placed on his heart -- when it stops beating , major cities around the world will detonate , causing the leak of a disease that " makes the ebola virus look like a skin rash . " phew . got all that ? it would be easy to dismiss " spawn " as just another one of those heavy-on-fx , short-on-substance action pics , but it doesn't even work on that level . the computer-generated sequences are often and plenty , and the problem is that they look too computer-generated . the several scenes set in hell present a devil that looks and acts like a video game graphic -- with the movie's healthy budget you'd think they could have afforded to make his mouth move when he talks . other elements of the movie are so-so ; spawn's enormous red , flowing cape is a wonderful sight , but it's too obvious when he's being played by a costumed actor or an image . in movies like " contact , " the special effects serve the story . in " spawn , " they are the story . and spawn himself isn't even an interesting character . the film's reliance on razzle-dazzle would be acceptable if we were given somebody to root for , but both simmons and his funky alter-ego are completely underdeveloped . what we need is a batman , a luke skywalker . even watching the adventures of kleenex man would be more interesting than spawn . poor leguizamo . he starred in february's " the pest , " a movie that i still think is the year's worst so far , although this one does give it a run for its money . as clown , he overacts to the extreme , never missing an opportunity for a poor-taste punchline . leguizamo farts green mist , munches a pizza slice covered with maggots and even dons a mini-skirt and performs a cheerleader routine , all before turning into a giant grey demon . the guy was brilliant in " to wong foo , thanks for everything ! julie newmar . " what is he doing wasting his talent in this and " the pest " ? i'm one of the few people that liked " batman & robin , " this summer's other big-budget comic book film . yet after catching this movie and making the inevitable comparison , i can only hope people will change their minds and think of " batman " as the superior adaptation . there's a compelling story somewhere in " spawn " -- including strong religious overtones and the debut of the first african-american superhero ever -- but it's just not found anywhere near here . as it is , " spawn " is just awful -- it stinks worse than a dead trout . 
when i first saw the preview for cruel intentions , i turned to my friend and said , " dangerous liaisons for kids ! " it was clear to me that the film would be an obvious chunk of plagiarized nonsense , owing everything it is to stephen frears' 1988 masterpiece . imagine my surprise to see that writer/director roger kumble has given credit to his source material : choderlos de laclos is recognized for his novel les liaisons dangereuses in the opening credits . and i was impressed . in fact , i was much more impressed with this recognition than with the actual film , which is an appalling excuse for a movie . it's kiddie-porn hackwork , complete with earthy sex-talk and fully-clothed hand-jobs . i suppose this kind of movie was inevitable ; with all the teen high-school angst movies coming out , there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they're smarter and more beautiful than all the other people on earth combined . cruel intentions is a mess in every possible way , and it fails primarily in the way i expected it to : i hated all the characters , and i hate everything they do . i also hate ryan phillippe , so perhaps my opinion is not as objective as it could be . phillippe plays ( check out this name ) sebastian valmont . wow . isn't that a memorable name ? i could just say it over and over again . sebastian valmont . it kind of rolls off the tongue , in the spirit of phrases like sanguine vapors and velvet sandwich . sebastian valmont is the coolest guy who ever walked the earth ; there is no woman he can't have , no material object out of his reach . he has all the money , all the sex -- all at his fingertips . and , luckily , his parents never enter into his life -- no , in the world of cruel intentions , adults don't really exist . the ones who do are irritating . sebastian valmont lives with his stepsister , kathryn merteuil ( sarah michelle gellar ) , the bitch-queen of the universe , and also the woman every man wants . since these two rich kids are so bored , they only thing they can do is challenge each other with meaningless sexual liaisons . kathryn wants sebastian valmont to de-virginize cecile caldwell ( selma blair ) , a naive dork-chick who has somehow wronged kathryn . but it's too easy for sebastian valmont -- he wants to nail annette hargrove ( reese witherspoon ) , the " paradigm of chastity and beauty . " so , sebastian valmont and kathryn make a deal ( which is too explicit to state here ) . but -- dear god ! -- sebastian valmont actually begins to fall for poor annette hargrove . dangerous liaisons is a great movie because the characters are all believable , and because of its masterful acting . cruel intentions is bad for many reasons , but it lacks both believable characters and masterful acting . kathryn merteuil is simply a hateful witch , a girl so loathsome that i would probably enjoy pouring hot lead on her . she is supposed to be mean , but glenn close gave the character some depth in dangerous liaisons . gellar , while aesthetically pleasing , is one-dimensional and utterly repulsive . witherspoon has a truly beautiful face , but her character isn't the moral staple she's supposed to be : sure , she won't have sex until she's in love ( is this really a * moral * issue ? ) , but she does some things in the last few scenes that are more than a little reprehensible . but i can't forget mr . phillippe , who continues to exceed my expectations with his impenetrable , invulnerable blandness . i have to give him credit and say that he did , in fact , manage to change his facial expression about three times during the course of cruel intentions . and there's one point in the film in which he shouts , thereby defeating my hypothesis that he is vocally monotone . true , he is bad , but it doesn't help that he has no character to work with . kumble has drained all the interesting aspects from this character , leaving us with a sex-crazed lunatic who is supposed to be sympathetic because he falls in love with a moral flower and shuns the wicked bitch . the film fails in every other way , too . first of all , nobody talks like this . even the " intellectuals " i know don't bother with this kind of pointless and pretentious yammering . for a while , the movie looks like it might play itself for laughs , but it ends up taking itself so seriously that there's no way we can join it . cruel intentions also manages to come off as soft-porn in more than one scene . earlier i mentioned a fully-clothed hand-job ; this occurs between kathryn and sebastian valmont , both of whom are intended to be hateful at this point in the movie . so , if we hate them , then what's the point of an extended sex scene ? titillation , of course . it can't even work under the pretense of " meaningful love scene , " because we hate the characters . it's interesting to note some of the parallels between cruel intentions and dangerous liaisons . kumble is clearly familiar with the earlier film ; many of the scenes have a similar tone , and there are moments in frears' film that kumble imitates almost completely ( such as the last scene , in which [spoiler warning ! ] the antagonist is humiliated in front of her peers ) . but kids don't act like this . nobody acts like this . in his translation , roger kumble forgot character development and sympathy -- some pretty crucial elements . the result is a picture of confounding badness , a kiddie-porn mess that thinks it's really deep and profound . i'll give cruel intentions credit for realizing its influences , but that doesn't change the fact that it's awful . 
in our time . in our modern world , where the cool rule , it's hard to imagine that shakespeare is becoming 'the man' . and yet - film after film , after film , is based on his everlasting magic . in warner brothers' latest production , shakespeare is kicking ass to a rap beat , while his magic and intelligence slowly fades away . though the producers of the matrix have vaguely based their picture on william shakespeare's 'romeo and juliet' , its title sequence with a frightening rap song and a black limo making its way through the dark streets of new york , is very hard to associate with shakespeare's poetry . the film takes place during a silent war between the two major mafia families in the city - the afro americans against the chinese . the youngest son of a chinese mafia chieftain is found murdered . the afro-americans are immediately suspected , but a peace treaty is signed between the two godfathers . it is at this point that han ( the romeo of the story ) finds out about his brother's death . escaping from a prison in china , he returns to united states to avenge his brother's fate . but before he can restore justice with his kung fu kicks , he falls in love with a mysterious beauty . the only problem is that she is the daughter of his enemy . . there's only a weak echo of shakespeare's talent in this disappointing production . and there are more problems besides its title . of course we don't call it a deformation of a great masterpiece . we call it 'modernization' . it seems that the producers fear that the audience will not respond to lyrics , without any car chases and gun fights . this lack of respect for the audience i find very disturbing . kenneth brannagh has already proven that shakespeare doesn't need to be updated , because his tales are grounded in the basics of life and human nature . and as long as love , hate , honesty and corruption do exist , everyone will understand and embrace shakespeare . i must admit that i found 'rome must die' very confusing . i can forgive andrzej bartkowiak , since it is his first attempt at directing . he manages to create an incredible atmosphere and directs with a firm precision . unfortunately he completely forgot about character- and story developments . his latest picture is therefore visually impressive , but intellectually hollow . the love story between han ( jet li ) and trish ( aalyah ) , and the mafia intrigues are undeveloped and simplified . jet li is one of the most amazing fighters to ever hit the silver screen and aalyah has a magical voice . their achievement save this film from being completely braindead , but they are not actors , and therefore can not act . they are nothing more than two celebrities put together . the other actors , including isaiah washington , russell wong , henry o and dmx all give the standard mediocre performances . delroy lindo is the only one that projects a coherent image of reality . but there's more than acting to worry about . even with li's incredible skills in martial arts , the action scenes ( though technically excellent ) are too long and story updates simply embarrassing . to make a long story short : 'romeo must die' is not intelligent enough to be a thriller , not sensual enough to be a love story and too serious to be a fun action film . it is certain that bartkowiak would be much better off with o this embarrassing and completely unnecessary parallel to 'romeo and juliet' , so the film is completely stuck - not sure of what to be . and in the end it's nothing . there are no performances worthy of notice , no interesting character- or story surprises . so again , the only good thing about it is its technical achievement . this film can boast of great sound , fast paced editing , solid cinematography and some very well coordinated action sequences . the music is another factor that prevents you from leaving the theatre . it is mostly provided by aalyah's enchanting voice and several carefully inserted rap songs by various artists , that create a kind of 'ghetto feel' to it . but when i think back , it's not much i remember from this 'production' . as in almost every summer movie , there are some interesting scenes , but most of the moments that i remember are associated with massive special effects . it is not a film that will get any attention for its artistic qualities , simply because it doesn't have any . for someone who has never read shakespeare , it's another popcorn film . for those of us who has , it's a waste of money , time and brain cells . 
whenever u . s . government starts meddling into other countries' affairs , under the pretext of supporting human rights or preventing political , religious or ethnic persecution , the other side is ready to use mantra that says " look who's talking ! what have you done to the indians ? " however , even the americans themselves are ready to use that dark chapter of their own national history when it suits their purposes . hollywood is just another example , with its revisionist westerns , made in early 1990s . those movies tried to exploit the emerging wave of political correctness , coinciding with the 500th anniversary of columbus' discovery of america . one of such examples is geronimo : an american legend , 1993 western directed by walter hill , film that deals with one of the last conflicts between american natives and white settlers . the hero of the film is geronimo ( played by wes studi ) , leader of apaches , fierce warrior tribe that used to give hard time to white settlers during the second half of 19th century . when the movie begins , in 1885 , geronimo and his apaches made peace with u . s . government and try to live peacefully in arizona reservation . however , broken promises , injustice and violence against his people would make geronimo restless . with not more 30 or so of his followers , he escapes reservation and begins guerrilla campaign . general crook ( gene hackman ) , commander of u . s . army forces , respects geronimo and knows that even his 5 , 000 force isn't enough to catch geronimo in the great spaces of the american southwest . instead , he turns to people who are more experienced with apaches - lt . charles gatewood ( jason patric ) and indian hunter al sieber ( robert duvall ) . together with young lt . britton davis ( matt damon ) they would begin mission aimed at capturing geronimo . geronimo : an american legend , like many movies made under the shadow of political correctness , try to tell the tale about oppressed minorities , but instead the real subject is the bad conscience of the oppressors . so , the story about geronimo is told from the perspective of his enemies . almost all of them happen to be his greatest admirers and use every opportunity to express how sorry they feel for having to fight him and his people . although such elements of john millius' screenplay do indeed have some basis in history , they harm the story of geronimo . to be honest , walter hill does try to make geronimo the real hero of the film , but the movie segments that deal with the plight of apaches and the uprising are given too little time . instead , they turn out to be nothing more than the back story for rather uninteresting adventure story of gatewood and his band . to make even worse , hill has some real problems with pacing and style , and in the end we have impression that we are watching two films badly edited into one - story about geronimo and story about his pursuers . the movie should have been better if it turned to geronimo's life before and after his last uprising , in many ways more interesting than the story about gatewood . the difference between those segments could be observed through the different quality of acting . wes studi , cherokee actor who was so impressive as magua in the last of the mohicans , was perfect choice for geronimo , not only because he resembles geronimo , but because he induces a lot of passion in his role . contrary to him , we have disinterested actors who sleepwalk through the roles of his white enemies . while this could be expected from someone like jason patric , it is shame when we have veterans like gene hackman or robert duvall . even hill's directing is bellow expectations - battle scenes are too short and , like in many of his late films , force viewers to ask what had happened to the great action director of 1970s . even his old associate , music composer ry cooder , disappoints , with the score that shifts between indian motives and classic . on the other hand , photography by lloyd ahern ii , with the use of red lenses , gives somewhat dreamy atmosphere , ideal for this movie that was supposed to be melancholic epic . all in all , compared with some of the hollywood's examples of political correctness , this film isn't so bad , but we are left with the unpleasant impression that it could have been better . 
a month ago i wrote that speed 2 was the worst film i've ever reviewed on paper . i didn't know at the time that i'd soon encounter and despise batman & robin , which has just overtaken speed 2 as the picture least worthy of your attention this summer . as directed by joel schumacher ( who now specializes in batman sequels and john grisham adaptations and isn't very good at either ) , b & r is one long excuse for a taco bell promotion . the plot , which has mr . freeze and poison ivy ( uma thurman ) planning to take over gotham city and then " the vorld " ( as an oddly ineffective schwarzenegger states ) , is weighted down by repetitive asides about the nature of trust , partnership , blah , blah , blah . but morals are not the point of this film--topping each bloated , confusing action scene with next one is . the garish art direction and overlit cinematography make this picture oddly comparable to the trashy showgirls . since when did gotham city become a giant las vegas hotel ? only george clooney comes out on top ; he underplays nicely and pretends like he's in a real movie . 
mighty joe young blunders about for nearly twenty minutes before we actually get to see a great big gorilla . his entrance , however , is a grand one : out from the trees he leaps , gargantuan and imposing , sporting hands big enough to crush a volkswagen bug , and a pair of feet much larger than any pro basketball player will ever have . joe bellows at the poachers before him , angry that they would like to kill him and sell him for millions of dollars . during this scene , i turned to my friend and said , " wow . that's some ape . " joe is quite a gorilla -- a big , digital gorilla . he runs around the fields , chasing cars and people . he picks things up and stares at them pensively . he breaks things on accident , because he's just too big to avoid clumsiness . joe , as a special effect , is an image that might hold your interest for five minutes . as a character , he doesn't quite register . and the story he's been put in is as limp as they come . the words " family entertainment " have never been a stamp of quality , but might joe young is just a silly special effects movie pretending to have a heart . the picture is a remake of the 1949 film . it's mostly just about the big gorilla , but , strictly as a formality , the movie also has a few human characters . the main one is jill young ( poor charlize theron , forced to waste her talent ) , a lover of gorillas . as a child , she witnessed a group of poachers murder her mother ; now , she lives in the jungle to protect the wildlife . specifically , she's out to protect joe , a giant gorilla who has been her friend since her childhood . soon , zoologist gregg o'hara ( bill paxton ) discovers joe ; he quickly realizes that poachers want to get joe and sell him to a big game hunter named strasser ( rade sherbedgia ) , who just happens to be the same guy who killed jill's mother . so , in an effort to save joe , jill and gregg take the big gorilla to a preserve , where it is instantly clear that he is not safe from poachers . in addition , the space is way too small for him ( after all , he is a really big gorilla ) . and , to add to the complications , strasser shows up under a benevolent pretext ( he tells jill that he has a preserve big enough for joe ) , and joe recognizes strasser as the guy who killed jill's mother . jill , of course , doesn't recognize strasser , even though he did kill her mother . this is just one of the many examples of stupidity in mighty joe young , a film that fulfills every stereotype that comes with a special effects film . the movie isn't really offensive -- it has some competent actors , a few nifty sets , and a lot of scenes with a big , digitized gorilla . but the story is really dumb , there aren't any characters , and the film isn't satisfying on any level beyond its visuals . the movie also has bad dialogue . if a critic says that a film has bad dialogue , it's only fair to quote some of it , but most of the words spoken in this picture are phrases like " joe isn't happy ! " and " joe isn't safe here ! " " we need to get joe out of here ! " " joe is way too big for that cage ! " i don't know if these phrases are word for word , but they're close . as i said , the characters here are only present as a formality : they do little more than state the obvious ( of * course * joe is too big for that cage ) . paxton and theron are talented performers who deserve to work on a script that provides characters for them . sadly , mighty joe young wastes them both . there are a few clever moments ( although none of them are surfacing in my memory at the moment ) , and , as i said , the digital effects held my attention for at least five minutes . it's certainly not a bad film for kids ; i doubt joe will give them nightmares . but adults in the audience aren't likely to find much of anything interesting about the big gorilla . a big gorilla is only interesting for a little while ; after that , something needs to be done with the big gorilla . nobody ever figures out what to do with the big gorilla . 
after 1993's " falling down , " i hoped that joel schumacher would mature into a great director . since then he has offered us two so-so adaptations of john grisham novels ( " the client " and " a time to kill " ) and two batman movies that lowered the standards of that franchise . although these disappointments dampened my enthusiasm for schumacher's potential , the publicity for his latest release , " 8mm , " raised new hope . it promised to be something unusual . it wasn't . the plot goes like this : tom welles ( nicolas cage ) is a private eye who is hired by a wealthy woman , allegorically named mrs . christian ( myra carter ) , to investigate an 8mm movie found among her late husband's belongings . the movie appears to be a snuff film in which a teenage girl is raped and murdered by a man in a leather mask ( who reminds me of bane in schumacher's " batman & robin " ) . because murders can be realistically simulated in movies , mrs . christian wants tom to discover if the girl is alive or dead . by combing through missing persons reports , tom finds the girl's name and tracks her to los angeles . with the aid of max california ( joaquin phoenix ) , a video store clerk ( and another symbolic name ) , tom wanders through the underworld of pornography in search of snuff . the plot bears an obvious resemblance to paul schrader's " hardcore , " in which a father goes deeper and deeper into the industries of porn and sex to find his missing daughter . both films are modeled on dante's " the inferno , " of course ; " 8mm " makes that connection overly obvious by casting max as virgil and having him constantly tell tom that they were heading toward a meeting with the devil . " hardcore " is a much more subtle and meaningful film . " 8mm " had a lot of promise . in its better moments it's an examination of violence as entertainment and of the beast within even a nice guy like tom . one moment of the first sort : when we first meet max he's reading truman capote's " in cold blood " underneath the cover of a porn novel . " in cold blood " was the father of the true-crime genre , which is the literary equivalent of snuff films . max promises that we will see examples of the second theme when he tells tom , " dance with the devil and the devil don't change ; the devil changes you . " tom does change-i'll let you discover the specifics for yourself-but not permanently . schumacher and screenwriter andrew kevin walker didn't have the guts to take tom so far down the dark tunnel that he couldn't come back . ( walker's " seven " did a much better job on that theme by refusing to compromise ) . cage tries hard to pull it off , but the script doesn't give him enough to work with . phoenix walks away with the movie-he's smart , charming , and funny . other cast members include " fargo " 's peter stormare camping it up as porn auteur dino velvet and " the sopranos " 's james gandolfini as a soulless porn merchant who pushes tom too far . in the last analysis , since " 8mm " falls short of its pretensions and its promise , its just another private eye story in the raymond chandler/ross macdonald tradition of having the detective uncover the depravity behind the glossy facade of wealth and privilege . however , unlike other predictable fare in the genre-last year's " twilight , " for example- " 8mm " is especially disappointing because it could have been much more than it is . 
how do you judge a film that is so bad , but intentionally so ? in spiceworld , the highly popular singing group the spice girls accomplish their major goal : mocking themselves with a purposely cheezy film and having a lot of fun doing it . if that was their goal , they did a fantastic job . so is it fair to give it such a low grade when it wasn't really meant to be much better than this ? honestly , i'd rather see this film before many others i gave higher grades , so does that mean i graded it inaccurately ? truth be known , i don't really think i can answer this question . to understand spiceworld , you have to understand the spice girls . unless you're very * very * young , or fairly older , you probably have at least heard of them . they're a group of five busty british babes who've had #1 hit singles and whose debut album sold millions . they're primarily adored by pre-teen girls who hope someday the contents of their training bras might match those of ginger spice's ( real name : geri haliwell ) wonderbra . all five of the girls have these " spicy " names for which they are better known than their real names . there is the aforementioned ginger spice , as well as sporty spice ( melanie chisholm , or mel c . ) , scary spice ( melanie brown , or mel b . ) , baby spice ( emma bunton ) , and posh spice ( victoria addams ) , and all of them , to some degree or another , resemble their stage names . the spice girls took the world by storm , and spiceworld is actually a good- humored spoof of all that transpired during their quick rise to fame . it's quite nice to see what good sports the girls are ( and not just the one dubbed sporty ) about poking fun at themselves . they don't take themselves too seriously , and that's probably the best thing about them . it's also surprising how natural they seem in front of the camera * acting * , and not just singing and dancing . they're not flawless by any means , but for the most part , they deliver their lines without feeling staged , and , like them or not , we get the sense the five are very at home within their characters ( which seems reasonable since they portray themselves ) . what makes the film bad is that extreme fans of the spice girls won't get enough of their music , while the rest of us don't get enough of a movie . the real point of this is to look at the spice girls for over ninety straight minutes . most of the film is very blas ? , but several parts are downright boring , and then they have those sporadic moments that actually make us laugh out loud ! if you're a big fan of the group , you probably won't get enough of what you want , and if you're not a big fan , you get too much time devoted to nothing more than " look at us " moments . for the right crowd , the " music video " sequences will be the highlights of the film , but for others , they will serve as three-minute lulls in a hectic-but-overall-uneventful storyline . other key actors include richard e . grant as clifford , the spice girls' manager , alan cumming as the film-maker piers cutherton-smyth who attempts to make a documentary of the group , george wendt as martin barnfield , a producer who constantly works on pitching a spice girls movie , and roger moore in a small , self-parodizing role . all provide relatively good performances , keeping in mind once again that this film wasn't meant to be acted seriously . even meat loaf shows up as dennis the bus driver and seems to have fun with it . while this film is continuously compared to the beatles' a hard day's night , i think that is an unjust comparison . it is supposedly the movie studio that first mad the comparison by way of press kits , but i don't think drector bob spiers , nor the spice girls , intended it to be so . i think the studios were just trying to boost hype and interest in the film , and have instead , come off rather pretentious . i don't think this film is trying to be anything more than a fun , satirical look at a group that got so big , a movie seemed the next likely step . and what could've been better than a self-indulged yet self- mocking approach ? probably nothing , and so it is . spiceworld is a movie i thought would be embarrassing to enjoy , but now instead , i find myself wanting to defend a movie i didn't even give a good review . it's bad , but it succeeds in every way it intended . it gives the spice girls a chance to play while allowing all those obsessive fans out there to indulge in every brainless moment . perhaps the group is nothing more than a gimmick . if that's the case , the movie's gimmick is that it * is * such a gimmick ! you might be saying , " a spice girls movie ? come on ! " , but when it comes down to it , i think that's the point . 
janeane garofalo in a romantic comedy -- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the truth about cats and dogs but is almost excruciating in the matchmaker . this is a by-the-books movie that plods along on a predestined course with no surprises and very few laughs . it also jumps on the ever-popular political satire bandwagon and manages to fall flat there , too . garofalo plays a campaign aide to a massacusetts senator ( jay o . sanders ) running for reelection . denis leary plays the stereotypical strategist with no ethics who decides the only way for the scandal- plagued senator to win is to play up his irish roots and cash in on that boston roman catholic democrat contingent that's made the kennedy family so popular . so leary orders garofalo to go to ireland and dig up some relatives to exploit . she soon learns why " easier said than done " is the mantra of movies like this . the matchmaker falls for every cliche of things that can go wrong -- garofalo has to take a tiny plane to ireland , almost misses the bus to town , can't get a hotel room , ends up in the smallest , trashiest one around , has a dog piss on her luggage , and so on . then comes what roger ebert calls the " meet cute . " it happens in every romance : the man and woman have to meet each other for the first time in some unconventional , cinematic way . in the matchmaker , it happens when garofalo walks into her hotel bathroom and finds a nude sean ( david o'hara ) in the bathtub , his dog sitting at his side . no points for guessing it's the same dog that just made water on her luggage . also no points for guessing garofalo hates o'hara on sight . that's how it works in movies like these . i know from the instant i saw that irishman in the bathtub that she'd hate him for awhile , then succumb to his charms , live happily for a reel or so before allowing some superficial detail to throw the relationship into turmoil , after which they'd reconcile in time for a happy irish tune to play over the end credits . i haven't mentioned the movie's twist yet . garofalo comes to the small ireland town during the annual matchmaking festival , during which lonely folks from around the county pair off into a future of bliss . milo o'shea ( who looks like an irish tom snyder ) is the matchmaker who pops onscreen occasionally to spew his words of wisdom and bring lonely souls together . rest assured he'll do all he can to match up garofalo and o'hara . oh , and in keeping with the matchmaker's utter predictability , he dies toward the end . what the message here ? sometimes even the most respectable person of comedic distinction , like garofalo , will sell out with a weak script . i was excited to see garofalo and leary in the same movie , but they actually only have two or three scenes together . leary stays stateside , for the most part , yelling at garofalo over the phone and generally being an asshole . he even undoes himself with the old microphone's still on after he's done giving the speech cliche . both of them should have known better . 
carry on at your convenience is all about the goings-on in the factory of a toilet manufacturer , wc boggs ( kenneth williams ) . once they have won an order to manufacture 1000 bidets in two months and charles coote ( charles hawtrey ) has designed a suitable model , the factory employees set to work but are interrupted by union representative vic spanner ( kenneth cope ) and friend bernie hulke ( bernard bresslaw ) who call them out on strikes on the slightest pretext . meanwhile , chief foreman sid plummer ( sid james ) is growing tired of his wife beattie ( hattie jacques ) and her budgie . he would much rather live next door with fellow boggs worker chloe moore ( joan sims ) but once he discovers that the budgie can predict the winners of horse races , he is over the moon and flush with money . his daughter , myrtle plummer ( jacki piper ) , is going out with wc's son lewis boggs ( richard o'callaghan ) and this causes conflict on the staff day out to the seaside when vic spanner vies for her attentions . in the end , if the strike does not cease , boggs will have to close down his factory , but the support of a group of women led by coote's wife-to-be and spanner's mother , agatha spanner ( renee houston ) , try to resolve the situation . also , sid realises that his budgie has caused him nothing but trouble since it started predicting horse race winners . there are some good performances , as usual , from sid james and kenneth williams in their standard roles . charles hawtrey is third billing but only appears in a few scenes . his part is mildly amusing . richard o'callaghan is appealing as bogg's stuck-up son , patsy rowlands is funny as miss withering , bogg's assistant , and renee houston is terrific in her small part as agatha . however , sole acting honours go to hattie jacques as beattie plummer . although her character is not directly involved with the main storyline , she manages to input a great deal of pathos and feeling into her character . a marvellous performance from a marvellous actress . the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope . in his carry on debut , cope overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny . joan sims returns as the love interest ( instead of barbara windsor ) . sims' 'usual' part as the downtrodden wife was taken by hattie jacques . additionally , bill maynard as fred moore is very poor . this carry on movie tries it best to entertain the viewer : - the locations and wealth of characters are appealing . however , the toilet humour becomes tiresome very quickly and some of the performances leave a lot to be desired . this movie does not know where it is going . it was made in 1971 and talbot rothwell the scriptwriter seems to be in two minds whether to go for 'bluer' jokes or to maintain the 'innocent' jokes success of most of its predecessors . that is why this film suffers . a minor carry on film whose major asset is the performance by hattie jacques . the new 'minor-regulars' such as o'callaghan and piper are not able to enliven the movie and the toilet humour becomes humourless after a while . 
" showgirls " is the first big-budget , big-studio film to receive an nc-17 rating . and its release last year came at a time when senator bob dole and other politicans chastised the entertainment industry for promoting sex and violence . but if " showgirls " is any indication of hollywood's future , the folks in washington should focus their attack on a more dangerous threat to american values--bad moviemaking . " showgirls " is a relentlessly exploitive look at the las vegas strip scene , and the film turns out to be just as trashy as its subject matter . director paul verhoeven and writer joe eszterhas , who collaborated on another shock-value project , 1992's " basic instinct , " follow the plight of a young woman ( teen tv star elizabeth berkley ) determined to make a name for herself as a topless dancer . it's a hackneyed premise to begin with , so not surprisingly , all of the stock characters are trucked out . there's the demanding producer . the loyal friend . the bitchy competitor . lest i forget the scummy club owner . of course , any attempt at character development or a coherent storyline is just window dressing for the film's main attraction--an endless parade of full-frontal nudity . unfortunately , " showgirls " doesn't satisfy in this department . verhoeven's slam-bang , in-your-face style of direction proves neither arousing nor erotic . to make matters worse , you'll be forced to sit through the movie's clothed scenes , which don't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history . verhoeven and ezsterhas deserve credit for trying to break ground , but if it's adult entertainment you want , stay home and watch the playboy channel . you'll be the wiser for it . 
this is the worst movie i've viewed so far in 98 . the avengers = silly = man dressed in a bowler hat + woman wearing tight leathers > evil scientists dressed in teddy bear suits + greater evil , sir august de wynter wearing kilt . the question is what could have gone wrong with a potentially great idea with big name cast ? the same question was probably asked of last year's stinker batman and robin . i feel the production got a little too smug , the script a little to smart and direction was somehow lost in the chaos of random events that collided together to form a movie . my greatest criticism rests on the fact that there was no chemistry between emma peel and john steed ( thurman and fiennes ) ? something that was a vital element of the 60's tv serial of the same name . the dialogue goes on and on about tea and other finer british perks , but does not allow much room for character development and interaction , except to perhaps grate on the viewer's nerves . one wonders why the dynamic pair bother kissing in the end except for pure english formality . connery as sir august , does not fair better than thurman or fiennes . his dialogue is as erratic as stormy weather , mostly embarrassing and poor quality . if there is a movie you would prefer never to see , i believe the avengers would be a good choice . for one thing , you will not have to witness a product that is far inferior to the three high profile names that is associated with the title . i cannot understand how something so poorly produced could have been released , but i put it down to one of those freak happenings in nature , like lightning you can't see it coming until it hits you . 
" first rule of fight club is , don't talk about fight club . " this quote deals directly with my opinion of this film , because quite frankly , it's not even worth mentioning . director david fincher ( seven ) has completely gone over the edge . with crude humor , an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture , i'm surprised i didn't walk out . this just goes to show that hype kills . it's very rare that a film so hyped up as " fight club " turns out to be noteworthy , and this is no exception . the story goes like this . edward norton is an insomniac trying to enlighten his dull life by going to a variety of disease therapy sessions , until he meets marla ( helena bonham carter ) . norton claims that she is wrecking his pleasurable lifestyle , when he spots her at a session that he also attended . apparently the disease sessions help them see what life is like , literally living in pain . why any person would think of such a thing is beyond me , but things do get worse . norton is soon assigned to a job that calls for traveling , and it's on a plane that he meets tyler durden ( brad pitt ) . the two men develop a bond , and go out to a bar , and by golly after they get drunk , the two pitiful characters fight . how do they come up with this stuff ? anyway , their fighting catches other pathetic loser's attention , and a club is formed . out of all this mess , there manages to lie a message . fincher shows us that society is like robots . we work in our jobs doing things step by step , and want out . our insanity gets to our brain and makes things worse than they really are , and we blame it on others . call me crazy , but this is common knowledge . i think fincher was acting as if the film is moodier and more poignant than it really is , which is probably one of the reasons it fails miserably . even with two good actors , and a solid actress , they only manage to weaken the story . i couldn't help but hide my face in shame when norton beats himself up into a bloody pulp . it just shows how desperate the script is for attention . i guess brad pitt was right for this role , because i felt like beating him up myself . his bothersome and depressing character , made me disgusted at his 20 million fee . it only showed me that he was in it for the money and nothing more . helena bonham carter however really had no purpose . she just popped up on screen , mumbled some lines , smoked and left . this continues for what seems like 6 hours . the film drags on and my headache gets bigger , while " fight club " nears what i think might be the end . unfortunately by then , the film hits rock bottom . though the conclusion kept my interest for a mere 5 minutes , it backs down again and continues to move at a snails pace . on a side note , the trailer shows the only redeeming elements of the film , that coincidentally lasts the same amount of time that they did on the trailer . fincher will hopefully regret making this film or at least learn a lesson . concentrating on the atmosphere or a particular key moment , won't do any good if everything else is in need of support . also , i'm afraid that immature men might respond to the film's violence . the last thing the world needs is people praising a leader of a pointless cult . when the film ends , i'm just glad to get home and take some advil . you'll either enjoy what the film has to offer , or agree with ed norton when he says " this is so f * * * ing stupid . " 
as you should know , this summer has been less than memorable . with a total of 4 decent films , it's not a surprise that these big budget failures keep appearing . with that said , you can pretty much predict what my opinion on " the 13th warrior " will be . the film is based on the michael crichton " eaters of the dead " , in which ahmed ibn fahdlan is banished from his country for looking at a wife of a king . after tarveling for many months , he comes across a gang of norsemen , who are forced to pick 13 men to protect a town from mythical monsters who travel in the fog . so , they start picking men , and are left without 1 , thus ahmed is choosen . so far it sounds interesting right ? not when all of this takes place in 15 minutes . after that , they basically run around killing . that alone shows how much a script is needed for a film , because once your story is introduced , you have the rest of the film to start developing it . obviously that's not the case here . even if you are going into the film expecting an action packed adventure , you will be disappointed . since all the action takes place in fog , it is constantly hard to see a scene clearly due to those circumstances , and to poor camera work . can't the camera men sit still ? i'd like to actually watch a film in focus , but again , they failed to deliver that as well . the film moves on and on until the point , where you can care less about anything but the popcorn you're eating . with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs . that's the only thing that honestly caught my interest . when i heard that john mctiernan , the director , wanted his name kept out of the project , that made me wonder why ? well now i know . crichton's greed forced mctiernan to edit his finished product , which led to a big arguement . what's there to argue about anyway ? the film couldn't be saved , no matter how much they spent or casted . seeing films like the haunting and big daddy making money , i wouldn't be surprised to see " the 13th warrior " become a hit . please do me a favor and save your money at all costs , or else you will be lost in the fog , like the film itself . 
blatantly borrowing elements from 1993's " like water for chocolate " and 1991's " the butcher's wife , " " simply irresistible " attempts to be a whimsical romantic comedy but , more often than not , comes off as laughable , leaving you to wonder why rising star sarah michelle gellar ( t . v . 's " buffy , the vampire slayer " ) would choose such an obviously inept film project to waste her time on . things get off to a bad start right from the onset as amanda ( sarah michelle gellar ) , a young woman who runs her late family's struggling new york restaurant , runs into a mystery man who forces a bushel of crabs on her and then vansihes into thin air . while out shopping , she also meets tom ( sean patrick flanery ) , a charming , handsome man , who happens to be planning a ritzy restaurant for the department store he works for , and later when he decides to drop by her dive , called southern cross , for lunch , she somehow makes a delicious crab dish for him , even though she is known to not be a very good chef . suddenly , amanda finds her restaurant , on the edge of foreclosure , rejuvenate to life as customer begin to swarm for her food , which strangely causes everyone immediate jubilation when it hits their mouths . are amanda and tom destined to be together ? and is it not just because of the magical food , but because they really , truly like each other ? and what exactly is going on with the food she is making ? does it have anything to do with that pesky crab she got that sits on the shelf in the kitchen somehow assisting her in her food preparation ? " simply irresistible " is a ridiculous and just plain goofy romantic fantasy that's as flimsy as a slice of bologna . it takes one joke---that people who eat the food are taken aback by it in most unusual ways---and recycles it over and over again until the film has reached an appropriate running time of 95 minutes . add in a music montage every ten minutes ( these are actually the best scenes in the movie , which certainly tells you something about the film itself ) , and what you've got is an utterly empty , if not necessarily boring , excursion . the cast of " simply irresistible " is fairly good , but it is the supporting characters who are the most interesting . patricia clarkson ( 1998's " high art , " in which she played a drugged-out lesbian ) is a standout as tom's colleague , and is thankfully given a few funny lines of dialogue . also of note is larry gilliard jr . , as amanda's cooking assistant and buddy , who is allowed to create a seemingly full character out of only a handful of scenes . of the main stars , sarah michelle gellar is fine , but really does often look like she's struggling through the unmistakably clumsy material , and if sean patrick flanery plans on keeping a film career in the future , he has certainly got to pick better projects than this . the bottom line is that " simply irresistible " is the exact opposite of its deprophesized title , and when the movie got to the point where the characters began to float in mid-air ( an unamusing plot device that was repeated in the stupid last scene ) , my mind checked out from the characters and the romance . when i think about it in hindsight , i should have checked out in the very first scene , where the point of the action was for gellar to crawl under tables looking for a runaway mechanical crab . now , that certainly is what i'd call magical ! 
plot : two teen couples go to a church party , drink and then drive . they get into an accident . one of the guys dies , but his girlfriend continues to see him in her life , and has nightmares . what's the deal ? watch the movie and " sorta " find out . . . critique : a mind-fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package . which is what makes this review an even harder one to write , since i generally applaud films which attempt to break the mold , mess with your head and such ( lost highway & memento ) , but there are good and bad ways of making all types of films , and these folks just didn't snag this one correctly . they seem to have taken this pretty neat concept , but executed it terribly . so what are the problems with the movie ? well , its main problem is that it's simply too jumbled . it starts off " normal " but then downshifts into this " fantasy " world in which you , as an audience member , have no idea what's going on . there are dreams , there are characters coming back from the dead , there are others who look like the dead , there are strange apparitions , there are disappearances , there are a looooot of chase scenes , there are tons of weird things that happen , and most of it is simply not explained . now i personally don't mind trying to unravel a film every now and then , but when all it does is give me the same clue over and over again , i get kind of fed up after a while , which is this film's biggest problem . it's obviously got this big secret to hide , but it seems to want to hide it completely until its final five minutes . and do they make things entertaining , thrilling or even engaging , in the meantime ? not really . the sad part is that the arrow and i both dig on flicks like this , so we actually figured most of it out by the half-way point , so all of the strangeness after that did start to make a little bit of sense , but it still didn't the make the film all that more entertaining . i guess the bottom line with movies like this is that you should always make sure that the audience is " into it " even before they are given the secret password to enter your world of understanding . i mean , showing melissa sagemiller running away from visions for about 20 minutes throughout the movie is just plain lazy ! ! okay , we get it . . . there are people chasing her and we don't know who they are . do we really need to see it over and over again ? how about giving us different scenes offering further insight into all of the strangeness going down in the movie ? apparently , the studio took this film away from its director and chopped it up themselves , and it shows . there might've been a pretty decent teen mind-fuck movie in here somewhere , but i guess " the suits " decided that turning it into a music video with little edge , would make more sense . the actors are pretty good for the most part , although wes bentley just seemed to be playing the exact same character that he did in american beauty , only in a new neighborhood . but my biggest kudos go out to sagemiller , who holds her own throughout the entire film , and actually has you feeling her character's unraveling . overall , the film doesn't stick because it doesn't entertain , it's confusing , it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it . oh , and by the way , this is not a horror or teen slasher flick . . . it's just packaged to look that way because someone is apparently assuming that the genre is still hot with the kids . it also wrapped production two years ago and has been sitting on the shelves ever since . whatever . . . skip it ! where's joblo coming from ? a nightmare of elm street 3 ( 7/10 ) - blair witch 2 ( 7/10 ) - the crow ( 9/10 ) - the crow : salvation ( 4/10 ) - lost highway ( 10/10 ) - memento ( 10/10 ) - the others ( 9/10 ) - stir of echoes ( 8/10 ) 
it's amazing how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand-up around but completely fall flat in the movies . take adam sandler . on the basis of his first two cds ( " they're all gonna laugh at you ! " and " what the hell happened to me ? " ) , he's the best thing to hit comedy since robin williams . but when you put him in front of a camera , it just isn't the same . i kind of enjoyed happy gilmore and thought that it warranted a marginal recommendation , but his latest film , the waterboy is about as funny as a root canal . seriously , i'm willing to wager than there were more laughs in saving private ryan than there are here . in fact , i found this movie to be more depressing than comedic . the first half hour generated not one smile in me , with it's scenes of emotional abuse towards adam's character of bobby boucher not only by the cruel football players , but also by his very disturbed mother ( kathy bates - what is the world coming to ? ) . granted , after the film gets rolling , there are a few mild chuckles throughout ( i'm even willing to admit that it actually had me laughing once or twice ) , but not nearly enough to sustain the waterboy for it's nearly hour and a half running time . you're all familiar with the plot because you've seen it at least a million times before ; everyone picks on the hero until he shows a hidden talent and leads the underdog team to victory over the champions , in the process not only winning the respect of his teammates but also getting the woman he loves . and believe me , i'm not giving anything away by saying that sandler's team wins . if you would actually feel any degree of suspense watching this movie , then god be with you . the only things that keep this bomb from getting the big banana are the winning performances from henry winkler as the insecure coach and the severely underrated fairuza balk as bobby's love interest . i mean , they should be lending their talents to some loftier purpose , but they do extremely well with what they are given here . kudos to both of them . my advice to adam is to try and follow in the footsteps of veteran comedians like williams and steve martin , who made a very smooth and successful transition from stage to screen . rely more on actual comedy rather than strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh . or maybe even show what dramatic talent he might have , like jim carrey did with the recent truman show . with the obvious and considerable talent that he possesses , he just can't keep going on like this . 
" soldier " , by director paul anderson , is a film in which any presence of originality is fleeting . the best moments of the film are in the opning scenes where kurt russel's character todd is shown growing up under strict military supervision . brutality through the eyes of the innocent and stripped of it every single day growing up is something that has a lot of emotional potential power behind it , and the opening scenes tap into it a little . then it goes nowhere with that idea . there is perhaps one rather fleeting scene afterwards that deals with the potential trauma of this dehumanization , and the rest of the film is just some of the biggest action movie cliches i've ever seen . the whole idea of the inhuman , soldier-type character gaining some degree of humanity by defending a potential female love interest and family from his evil counterpart out to kill her is done , and it's been done much better . i was able to predict the plot of the _whole_ story , which wouldn't be so bad if other aspect of the film somewhat interesting . between the action sequences , it tries to deal with the aforementioned issues of humanity through the performance of mr . russel in the film and the tiny little window to his soul that is his eyes , since his dialog is extremely limited . his performance in that way isn't all that bad , but certainly is not enough to carry this film . other performances in this film are really not worth much mention at all , and they generally are about as weak as their characters . but enough of this stuff about plot and character , right ? isn't the most important part of an action film , well , the action ? even in this aspect the film is a disappointment . in mortal kombat ( 1995 ) , director paul anderson proved that truly engaging use and choreography of action in a film can override problems with plot and produce something entertaining . however , he fails to repeat that in this film . the combat scenes , particularly the big one at the end , is incredibly unimaginatve . fighting and combat scenes are supposed to bring about thrills in this type of movie , a point which even an otherwise unimpressive film like starship troopers seemed to realize . but instead of reaching for something truly interesting to end the film with , it goes for the old , shoot-em up , one guy vs . an army type of cinema that i thought died with the military action films of the 80s . if the film went with some of the ideas it opened up with the introduction more seriously , it could have been a rather engaging science fiction film . however , it utterly failed to go in any new directions after that , making the film a big disappointment . 
" american pie " alums jason biggs and mena suvari star in this summer's attempt to capitalize on the youth market looking for a comedy about young people they can relate to that combines generic hollywood cute couple-ness and zany comedy . it's about an a+ student ( biggs as " paul " ) who gets a scholarship to some college in new york city who sticks out like a sore thumb and falls for dora ( suvari ) a ditzy heroin-chic goth chick who has no ambition or self-respect whatsoever and allows herself to be pushed around just like " hick-boy " paul is . so we've got a fish-out-water formula mixed with meet-cute romantic comedy which ideally should make for a good movie . unfortunately the atrocious screenplay and boring direction by " clueless " auteur amy heckerling successfully manages to screw up everything about the film . these characters are totally unrealistic and unbelievable - it's as if everyone under age 30 is a stoned raver . there's no background or details to anyone or anything , it's just a bunch of cartoon characters running into each other . not to mention the story itself which is virtually non-existant and contains so many plotholes it's like swiss cheese . even the basic editing is bad . if you're looking for a romantic comedy stay far away from this one because it is neither romantic nor funny . i saw this in a packed cinema on opening night and the audience barely laughed at all . if you've seen the commericials you've seen all the " funny " parts ( which are all from the first five minutes ) . 
i'm really starting to wonder about alicia silverstone . sure , she is one of the most beautiful creatures on god's green earth ( second only to that movie critic at large guy ) , but when it comes to choosing what movies she stars in , she always strikes out . the crush was a slow-moving , predictable piece of fluff . hideaway was a horrific novel adaptation alicia had only a minor role in . clueless was an annoying , unfunny waste of time . and people have e-mailed me too , saying clueless is a good movie and that i'm the only one who doesn't like it . one girl said if i'd seen the movie with " an open mind , " i would have enjoyed it . nothing could be further from the truth . i went into the theater expecting to love the movie . the preview looked good and of course i'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters . almost everyone i saw the movie with felt the same way . when we were walking out of the theater , one guy ( and it wasn't me ) yelled out , " that was the worst f$&#in' movie i've ever seen " and the rest of us had to laugh in agreement . so last night i walked into the video store and saw alicia's pretty face on the cover of some made-for-video thriller called the babysitter . i knew it would be bad but some inner compulsion i'll probably never understand made me rent it anyway . what i got was 90 minutes of regret--the worst alicia silverstone movie ever . and you already know from the last paragraph what the competition is like . where to begin in criticizing this movie ? the plot is a thin shred that moves slower than a glacier , the writing could have been done ( and for all we know it was ) by a ten year old , alicia is the star and she's still wasted in a movie that has no appeal whatsoever . there is zero humor , zero suspense , zero drama and zero action , until the last ten minutes , when the story is needlessly and pointlessly concluded with a violent sequence . zero plus zero plus zero plus zero equals zero . so why does this movie get one star out of me ? well , alicia spends twenty minutes of the movie in the bathtub . and if it wasn't bubble bath , the babysitter would have instantly joined the ranks of our other four- star features , but you settle for what you can get . alicia plays a babysitter who's spending friday night looking after two kids whose parents are out getting drunk at a cocktail party . and of course anyone as beautiful as alicia automatically spends their friday nights at home ( at least that movie critic at large guy does ) . as the movie trods along , we discover she's not only the mostly-silent star of the movie but also the object of every male character's fantasies ( and probably every male viewer's too ) . the drunken father thinks she's just the thing to recapture his lost youth , her boyfriend lets his imagination run wild while spying on alicia from outside , even the prepubescent boy looks in on alicia through the bathroom keyhole while she's taking her bubble bath . they even throw in the middle aged wife's fantasies about a male counterpart at the party . not that any of us asked or ever even thought about seeing this 200+ pound woman in a black silk teddy . at least none of the sex fanatasies ever leave the realm of the pg-rated . in fact , i could imagine the babysitter becoming a cinemax late-night staple if not for the fact that there's absolutely no nudity in it . so you can't call it a sex flick . i've already pointed out that it can't fall under drama , comedy , thriller or action , so what do you classify the babysitter as ? bad . 
battlefield long , boring and just plain stupid battlefield earth a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman in my mid-teen years , i had a horrendous re-occurring nightmare . behind the wheel of a car , i was driving down a straight road in the middle of a desert . no scenery except the horizon line and the converging parallel lines of the highway . no matter what i did , the view didn't change : travelling but not getting anywhere . each time i awoke in a sweat , terrified . you don't have to be carl jung to understand that dream . powerless to make changes , trapped in a boring situation with no hope of rescue , this is the stuff of nightmares whether we are asleep or awake . this is exactly how you will feel 15 minutes after " battlefield earth " begins . for all of its flash and style , l . ron hubbard's science fiction epic is the earliest and best entry for the dullest summer film of 2000 . dull " and " stupid . in the year 3000 , the psychlo aliens have ruled our planet for 1 , 000 years . humans either work as slave labor in mining operations or live as barbarians . there's no hope . the future is bleak . then the psychlo make a mistake and capture feisty jonnie goodboy tyler ( barry pepper ) who organizes a revolution against chief of security terl ( john travolta ) and the alien race . it's an archetypal post-apocalyptic plot full of promise . considering some of the talent involved and all the millions thrown at the screen , it's difficult to see how it could have failed so miserably . but it does . the story is so full of holes that it falls apart within minutes of the opening credits . are we really supposed to believe that after a millennium of looking for gold , the psychlo never discovered fort knox ? or that fighter planes are still in pristine condition after all that time -- and gassed up ? or that the cavemen become such expert pilots in seven days that they can easily down the advanced alien ships ? or that the psychlo spy cameras somehow don't notice that their slaves are missing for days ? travolta prances across the screen hamming it up for all he's worth and is almost entertaining . almost . the rest of the actors are wooden mannequins trying not to laugh while delivering lines that no person -- " man-animal " or not -- would ever utter . some of the film _looks_ good , but it also looks so familiar . a race of large hulking ape-like creatures has taken over the world while our cities lie in ruin . sound like something charlton heston might be in ? the psychlo look like overweight klingons in gear from " dune " . the final air battle between the air force fighters and the psychlo ships in their high-tech city is something george lucas might have been associated with . it's too loud . it's too oppressive . it's too slow . it's too long . . . far too long . and on it goes . the list of the problems with " battlefield earth " is endless . it's difficult to find anything in the film that does work . oh yeah . the color scheme is nice . the real question is how this movie ever got made . could it have something to do with the fact that l . ron hubbard was the founder of scientology ? and that john travolta is a member of the church . that might explain why travolta bought the rights to the novel years ago . but it doesn't give us a clue as to why first-time screenwriter corey mandell's atrocious script was used . or why the high-profile project was entrusted with roger christian who had never before directed a major film . or why no one looked at this thing before it was released and realized there might be problems . the one bright spot is that no longer will kevin costner's " the postman " ( which i begrudgingly admit as a guilty pleasure ) be " the " big budget science fiction failure . " battlefield earth " has the honor sewed up . often reviewers will recommend that you skip mediocre films and wait for the video . that's not the case here . you can act now and make the decision to not see it on the big screen or on the small one . don't hesitate . strike now while the iron is cold . 
it should have been a classic . a great cast of respected supporting actors . an interesting premise of loser comic book characters . however , " mystery men " proved to be one of the great disappointments of 1999 . the jokes were bland and hackneyed from talents who have previously made audiences laugh with their unique rituals . the number of cliches and shallow characters made the film difficult to sit through seriously hurting its attempt of having a fast paced premise . the script tried to deliver a series of small jokes throughout the film but without a big laugh-out-loud joke and mediocre small jokes , it failed miserably at being entertaining at all . the jokes were not funny for a number of reasons . they had been used a number of times before in previous films , the best ones , which were mediocre to begin with , were ruined in the trailer , and the expectation of laughing at clever , unique gags from clever unique comedians when there were none to laugh at greatly damaged the film . " mystery men " might have worked if it was an ensemble cast of newcomers trying to break into the business . but with veterans doing this kind of junk , it really questioned whether their other work was as funny as originally thought . thankfully most actors in this movie will appear in five other movies before the new year arrives to help viewers forget this little movie . the film follows a band of wannabe superheroes living in a wannabe gotham city who are ridiculed by their fellow citizens and villains because of their clumsiness and failure to save they day and capture the bad guy . the fact is these pathetic losers are not needed because their city already has a successful superhero , captain amazing , who has recently captured every evil-doer in the city . captain amazing ( played terribly by an uninspired greg kinnear ) , because of his success in the past , is worried that he will lose popularity . after freeing one of the most notorious bad guys in the city ( geoffrey rush , overacting just a bit too much ) to keep himself busy , things get out of hand when captain amazing is captured . it is up to the wannabe superheroes to save the day . by the time this section of the plot is finished , the interest for what happens ( if you haven't already figured it out ) is very low . there are very few scenes which catch the viewers complete attention . the first scene in the film , which shows the wannabes trying to save the day , feels like it was seriously edited down . right when it was beginning to become slightly funny seeing these actors get humiliated at an old folk's home by some masked goons , captain amazing comes in and saves the day ? or ruins the movie . instead of editing this scene , more editing should have been done in areas such as the unnecessary romance between mr . furious ( ben stiller ) and monica , a waitress ( claire forlani ) or the vast majority of the film , which is the heroes talking at a coffee table about how their day was . a simple rule : more silly action is needed in order to make a silly action movie work . another major problem with " mystery men " is that every actor in it seemed very uncomfortable and consequently gave terrible performances . the film depended on its cast to work fluently together , like a bunch of old friends working together in an amiable reunion . however , most characters seemed like they did not even want to be in this film or at least the script made it seem this way . to pull one of the actors in this film randomly out of a hat , paul reubens , who disappeared from acting to everyone's joy , returns here leaving very little to be impressed about . as a wannabe who uses flatulence for a weapon , all of his jokes must therefore be fart jokes . fart jokes that have all been heard before and will inevitably be heard again in future films thanks to the success of " american pie " and " there's something about mary . " " mystery men " drags on towards the end to a point where anything else in the world is more entertaining . anyone with a brain knows each one of the heroes is going to be successful at their talent in the end and each one is going to contribute in a helpful way . so why continue to watch ? this film is far from a worthy guilty pleasure . " mystery men " indeed does this and every time a character succeeds another one congratulates him and says " i knew you could do it ! " " mystery men " fails in every category it attempts to pass . what makes this film so bad is that it had the potential to be wonderful and unforgettable . terrible acting , terrible script , and a terrible waste of time changes opinions about all of these actors . " i'm unpredictable ! " an overexcited ben stiller shouts out . no ben , you're the complete opposite . 
`bats' is an insulting slap across the face for any dedicated horror movie fan . to pull something like this off , you need to have a sense of wit and style , with a heavy dosage of humor to back up the process if the fright factor ever declines . something like the underground worm thriller `tremors' had just the perfect mixture of these elements , and in return , the film was tremendous fun . with the notable exception of a wisecracking supporting player , `bats' mainly plays it's premise for straight-arrow horror . judging by the ridiculous premise , this was not exactly a wise move . the movie attempts to capture the essence of alfred hitchcock's `the birds' , but fails miserably . done right , it could have been adequately amusing halloween cinema . unfortunately , `bats' is a prime example of a formula movie done terribly , terribly wrong . the only thing amusing about this festering pile of guano is in how intelligible the filmmakers anticipate their core audience to be . i will recite the following paragraph in a manner that will reach the audience of individuals to whom `bats' is aimed toward . those guys in hollywood have made a movie about bats . these bats are not very nice , because they eat a lot of people . boy , are these bats ugly . they are infected with this bogus virus that makes them super-duper smart . they've got big claws and red eyes and they are not very friendly at all . a whole bunch of people in texas get killed , so a sheriff guy and a scientist lady are brought in to kill the bats . they have big guns and other cool things to fight them with , but the bats are pretty smart , so it's sorta hard to do . the bats swoop down and they shoot at them to make they go away for good . but no , `bats' is probably too violent for pre-schoolers . the film , directed by louis morneau , should have ventured straight into video stores . on the small screen , perhaps more fun could have been derived with lower expectations . but sitting through this crapper on the big screen is almost awkward ; although at a few moments it becomes a guilty pleasure , the film is poorly written , poorly acted and executed with glaring ineptitude . even the bats themselves are cheesy , and the attack sequences too rushed and jittery to be properly enjoyed . the sheriff in the story is emmett kimsey ( lou diamond phillips ) , who embodies every pathetic stereotype a small-town authority figure usually portrays ( he chomps on a cigar , struts contentedly in his boots , etc . . . ) . the scientist is dr . sheila casper ( dina meyer ) , who specializes in flying mammals and is classified as `the best in her field' . meyer uses a lot of technical terms designed to make the movie seem more intellectually capable , but everything about dr . casper is recycled beyond recognition . her memories of how she became hooked on the topic of bats sounds suspiciously like oceanographic student matt hooper's tale of how he became infatuated with sharks in `jaws' . everything revolving around `bats' is tired drivel , which desperately requires some directorial style or acting capabilities to spruce it up . the supporting cast could have been constructed out of straw , with voices dubbed in later . in fact , that may have worked out better in the end . take one glance at casper's bat-loathing sidekick jimmy ( leon ) , and you'll have immediate deja vu - he's the exact same humorous buddy caricature from every other movie , constructed specifically for timed comic relief . unfortunately , none of his comic interludes are funny . in the role of deranged mad scientist dr . mccabe , the reliable bob gunton gets cornered with the most hideously idiotic character in the bunch . mccabe `accidentally' released two experimental test subjects , and the virus spread to other bats . the entire town of gallup , texas is under attack from an enormous swarm of the creatures , but gunton appears to be inconspicuously contemplating something else . something like : `when is the damn movie going to be over ? ? i just want my money . ' the bats are ugly , i must say . there's the occasional moment where they look moderately convincing , but mainly , the swarm is represented in cheesy digital imagery . only bits of the bloody action even hint at the campy fun the film could have been , but by the absurdly stupid climax , it's way too late in the game for a decent recovery . characters experiment in slaughtering the bats with gunfire . let's explore the logic there : is this really a very efficient way to decrease the bat population ? ? you could empty an entire clip at the flying winged serpents and not even wound one , and after that there are only 18 , 000 more of them . this kind of behavior represents the regular level of intelligence behind `bats' . 
the classic story & the production which ruined it marking the centennial anniversary of the 1896 h . g . wells classic , new line cinema , armed with a stellar cast and expert make-up effects man stan winston ( alien , predator , terminator etc ) churns out yet another hollywood film based on the classic novel . of course , the production is no doubt much more superior compared to the earlier 2 movies , one of which was made back in the 1933 and the other in the 1977 , under the title the island of lost souls ( sounds like a much better title . . ) . the story begins with edward douglas ( thewlis ) , a un representative sent to oversee a peace treaty somewhere in the south pacific , who is saved from the brink of death by montgomery ( kilmer ) after his plane crashes into the sea . douglas soon learns that montgomery is working for dr . moreau , who incidently , owns the island and also a reputable geneticist who has been awarded the nobel prize . his host's reluctance to allow him to freely move around the island becomes clear when he stumbled into moreau's lab , when a monstrous birth was in progress . even worse , the other workers in the lab are not exactly normal " people . " douglas stumbles across yet another shocking discovery when he is led to the beast-people community , which considers dr . moreau their maker . using shock-therapy and the law , dr . moreau has long been able to keep his beast-people civilised to some extent but there are a few animal-men who are just too savage to be controlled . the island of dr . moreau questions the ability of men playing god . dr . moreau is a man obsessed with creating a race of beings which is free from hate and violence . . . but the savage within every beast is not something one can suppress for long . moreau has no doubt a very interesting premise within its grasp . even so , the production has failed to make the most out of it . there are too many characters to put your attention to and the worst thing is , the characters are not " prioritized " so when the audience is led to believe that a particular character is important , before they know it , he or she or it perishes . . . . rather ungloriously at times too . perhaps there is some redemption in the development of the beast people , especially aissa ( balk ) , the most human of moreau's creations . the two very important characters , montgomery and dr . moreau himself receive no development at all and it is in this area that the script fails miserably . more screen time could have been used for character interaction and development . i really would have liked it better if , say , they delved more into dr . moreau's obsession , montgomery's purpose in the story and justification to as why the beast-people had to rebel . maybe the nature of the screenplay , which incidently , does not incorporate much action sequences in the film , forced the filmmakers to " cut a long story short " and make it more of an action film than anything else ( it's still summer , and movies have to be " marketable " ) . the special effects too , are really nothing for anyone to shout about . at most , i would say the beast-men looked just a bit more realistic than those apes in planet of the apes . this h . g . wells classic really has potential to be a good film . unfortunately , after 2 adaptations , they still could not decide on how and what to focus their attention on to really bring out that important message which makes up the entire essence of the story . as a third outing , the island of dr . moreau accomplishes little and is nothing more than an inferior version of `the planet of the apes' . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . 
a fullyloaded entertainment review : website coming soon ! hunter s . thompson's fear and loathing in las vegas , written in 1971 , is already an american classic ; not merely because it was an unadulterated journey through the post-psychedelia of the 1960's , but also because it ushered in a new form of journalism known as " gonzo " . soon after the book was written , hunter s . thomspon became the basis for a character in doonesbury known as uncle duke . and that is the problem with fear and loathing in las vegas ( the movie . ) although the book is one of my favorites , i now agree with thompson's own assessment of the novel as " unfilmable . " the main problem is that the book , although detailing wild drug use and tripped-out adventures , was not written on the road . it was written and edited by hunter s . thomspons , relatively sober , at his home . so although the book depicts drug use and still more drug use , it is told with a sense of aloofness and some humor . hunter s . thomspon , the narrator , while always drugged out , still has a grip on reality , and can still tell , with journalistic ability , what is going on around him . not so with the characters in fear and loathing in las vegas . despite name changes and one minor scene from the book dropped , the movie is an exact duplicate of the book , in terms of dialouge . unfortunately , this can get annoying , in the form of johnny depp's ( who plays thompson ) excessive narration . and the characters , while having vivid personalities , are played as 2-d characers on the screen : dr . raoul duke ( johnny depp , the name raoul duke was an alias of thompson's ) and his riding companion , dr . gonzo ( benicio del toro ) , who is a large samoan lawyer , have no personalities or emotions at all , save for stoned . the film is very faithful to the plot ( what there is ) of the book , in that dr . raoul duke is sent by sports illustrated to cover the mint 400 , and takes along not only his samoan lawyer but also car trunk full of drugs . from there , one set of stoned adventures after another happens , including one of the few good scenes in which depp , high on acid , watches all the people in the bar around him turn into , literally , lounge lizards . while the movie has its moments ( few ) , it is almost unwatchable at parts , especially towards the end . despite a lot of celebrity cameos , the stars never get off the ground . the set decoration and costumes are great , and probably deserve an oscar nomination . however , as we all know , it's not sets or effects that make a movie , its the characters ; and quite frankly , these characters are no good . 
it was once said that in order to truly enjoy some of todays movies or novels , you must suspend disbelief .  however , there is a distinct separation between opening your mind to ridiculous situations and believing a bunch of flat lies . it came as no surprise to me to learn that huntingburg , indiana ( where the film is set ) , does not have a mcdonald's , a sears store , a statue of a man on a horse , nor even a dam close by . even if you can ignore these somewhat white lies ( even though the dam is crucial to hard rains plot ) ; there is still a bunch of things that just dont gel . firstly , morgan freeman , possibly the greatest actor alive ( after such films as driving miss daisy , the shawshank redemption and se7en ) , was cast as a shifty goon intent on stealing enough money for a healthy retirement . he _should_ have played the town sheriff , an experienced and somewhat intriguing policeman . as a massive flood started by a dam accident overwhelms huntingburg , its residents presumably flee as the water level steadily increases . i say presumably simply because we never know what happened to them ; and it seems a tad strange that an entire town ( with the exception of some folk who get introduced along the way ) can vanish before the flood has actually started . but nether the less , armored guard couriers tom ( christian slater ) and his uncle are carrying three million dollars in the back of their van . with a heavy rainstorm causing depressing conditions and slippery roads , it doesnt take long for the van to end up stuck amongst mud and water off the side of the road . jim ( morgan freeman ) and a small gang of thieves locate the van and attempt to steal the three million dollars . but of course tom is more than willing to save the day , so he takes the money and hides it elsewhere in town . the local sheriff ( randy quaid , whom most will remember as the drunken pilot in id4 ) and a couple of police men investigate the situation , but their morals are soon overpowered by greediness as each character contemplates what he/she would do with their share of the three million dollars . director mikael salomon has made sure that hard rain ends up turning everything topsy-turvy , and whilst the film may at first appear to be a definite goodies versus baddies ,  there are numerous twists in its plot that make this a slightly more enjoyable experience . but by the time these interesting changes occur , its far too late in the film for them to have much affect . hard rains continuos corniness and lack of originality washes out whatever hope the script may have had ; and although its cast is somewhat appealing most of its stars act well below par . not at one stage capturing what could have been a fabulous on screen battle between slater and freeman , we are left to reminisce on films that dared to do something different and achieved more than what was expected . such titles as broken arrow ( slater and john travolta ) and face/off ( nicholas cage and john travolta ) come to mind as films that have mastered silver screen confrontations . strangely enough , they were both directed by john woo and both star john travolta . we can forgive morgan freeman for giving a slightly disappointing performance since he is newish to the action genre , but christian slater could have achieved so much more had the amount of crummy one liners been reduced and some personality added to his character . if you had asked me whether slater could perform well enough to substantially boost a movie prior to the release of broken arrow , my answer would have been a definite no . i now know that he has no excuse , and _can_ do better ( if you dont believe me rent a copy of broken arrow from your local video store ) . although hard rain never really works from the start , i somehow felt feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen . the addition of an enticing sub-plot would have given the film time to breathe , rather than try to cram 96 minutes of action and disaster into a story that cant handle anything else . despite the fact that hard rain fails on almost every account , if your standards are low enough you may find this to be a mildly enjoyable film . no creative flair and no inventive scenes means that hard rain does not stand up well against its many competitors , but it doesnt really matter since the last thing you would want to do after shelling about $8 . 50 is compare this to other films . 
susan granger's review of " the musketeer " ( universal pictures ) hollywood launches another assault on classic literature with this $50 million adaptation of alexandre dumas's novel that's strong on action but weak on drama , fusing hong kong martial arts with 17th century swordplay . the story chronicles the adventures of the dashing d'artagnan ( justin chambers ) as he leaves his village of gascogne , headed for paris , to join king louis xiii's elite guard , the royal musketeers , and to search for the man who killed his parents 14 years earlier . this puts him in conflict with the formidable febre ( tim roth ) , vicious henchman for conniving cardinal richelieu ( stephen rea ) . the traditional musketeer trio - aramis ( nick moran ) , athos ( jan gregor kremp ) and porthos ( steve speirs ) - don't offer much help so he turns to the feisty francesca ( mena suvari ) , chambermaid to the queen of france ( catherine deneuve ) . scripter gene quintano and director-cinematographer peter hyams are primarily interested in the derring-do , as evidenced by choreographer xin-xin xiong's elaborate - but not original - stunts , including a fast-paced stagecoach chase , a tavern brawl on rolling barrels , high-wire acrobatics with the combatants dangling from ropes , and a ladder-fight sequence . filmed in southern france , the scenery , sets and costumes are spectacular , but the lighting is too dark and editing is filled with choppy , restless mtv'ish cuts . as the swashbuckling d'artagnan , bland calvin klein model justin chambers buckles where he should be swashing , totally lacking on-screen charisma , not to mention acting skill . mena suvari , so impressive in " american beauty , " seems like a contemporary interloper in the royal court . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the musketeer " is a cinematic but shallow 3 . " all for one and one for all " ? not this time 'round . 
david schwimmer ( from the television series " friends " ) stars as a sensitive ( and slightly neurotic ) single guy who gets more than he expected from the grieving mother ( barbara hershey ) of a classmate he can't remember . hello mrs . robinson ! though quite cute as a romantic comedy , the pallbearer is paced like a funeral march . the characters act , react , and interact at half-speed , making for one * excruciatingly * long sit . ( and what's with the dreary lighting ? ) co-writer/director matt reeves brings some snap to the story's midsection ; the film briefly comes to life when our hero attempts to resolve his feelings for * another * classmate ( a very appealing gwyneth paltrow ) . by this time , though , most viewers will have either fled or fallen asleep . those tough souls who stay with it can marvel at the sleepy-eyed schwimmer , a hound dog with a head cold , who can go for over an hour without ever changing his expression . 
apparantly money talks . . . and uses quite a bit of obscenities doing so ! i've always considered myself pretty open about the gratuity a film can possess , whether in language , violence , sex , or what have you . i find that this fact gives me a little more leverage to complain when a movie goes overboard , and money talks definitely does ! it's not so much that the movie swore nearly constantly ( and i mean constantly ! ) , but it swore so much that it seemed overly prominent and way too staged . perhaps if one character were foul mouthed , but in this film , everybody swears nearly every other word . money talks is about a black ticket scalper named franklin hatchett ( played less annoyingly than expected by chris tucker ) . franklin is your typical con-man and ends up with more than one person out to get him . when the plot finally gets underway , there's no less than three people ( or groups ) that want him , dead or alive . the frenchman who's somewhat responsible for franklin's escape from a prisoner-packed bus , a hoodlum whom franklin owes seven grand , and the cops who wrongly suspect him of murder . franklin's only hope : james russell ( charlie sheen ) , an investigative reporter for the local news who's out to prove himself a worthy journalist . james offers to help clear franklin's name if franklin will just allow him an exclusive report to help channel 12 conquer sweeps week . both of these elements are completely lost along the way however , and never do reappear . as expected , the odd couple of franklin and james do wind up friends at the end , which is another wasted element seeing as how they show no signs of becoming friends at any point along the way . there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non-relevant , or just plain forgotten about . money talks is a paint-by-numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience . frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two-dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money . 
writer/director lawrence kasdan had a hand in penning some of the biggest film successes of the 1980s . yes , that's right , he co-wrote raiders of the lost ark ( 9/10 ) , the empire strikes back ( 8 . 5/10 ) and return of the jedi ( 8/10 ) . now with this film , it looks as though he has decided to test his skills at mediocre screenwriting and bland directing . and guess what ? he succeeds once again ! plot : a man with a shady and regrettable past decides to run away and into a small american town , where he pretends to be a licensed psychologist to an open-armed swarm of people with problems . it isn't long before he befriends the small-town billionaire , folks become suspicious and he falls for one of his own patients . critique : this film is not a comedy ! it is a drama . i say this right up front because from the looks of the trailer , you would think that this film secures its base in humor , but unfortunately for us , it does not . it is a serious film ( seriously flawed if you ask me , but i digress ) which offers a couple of witty quips to keep you awake , but overall , just sits there . now on to my review . this movie sucks because it was slow and boring , starred an uninteresting protagonist with an unbelievable past , included extremely dull patients whose problems left me indifferent at best and pissed at worst , and certified it all with many a predictable ending . i have no idea what lawrence kasdan was trying to accomplish with this picture , but whatever it was . . . he missed ! anyone without his name could never have made this film because it is an extremely generic puff-piece , which on a good day , might be described as predictably digestible . it's no wonder that the studio is trying to sell it as a comedy ! it sucks as a drama , and bored my movie cohort right to sleep . i've given it four points on four extremely shallow yet distinguishable marks . first of all , i couldn't help but think about how much the lead actor , loren dean , looked like a young charles grodin . he even acted like him , save for the dry , sardonic wit . this kept me interested in watching him at least . number two , and this one is really shallow ( seemed to be geared that way as well ) , there were quite a few " titshots " , as they would say back in high school . and god help me if i can't get enough of those in an aimless drama . and three , and this one surprised me the most , actor ted danson's cameo ( yes , he will always be sam malone to us real fans ! ) was the best part about this movie and actually made me see him as a different person . a different asshole , but a different person nonetheless . if ever you rent this movie one day ( promise you won't throw away your hard-earned money at the theaters ? ! ) , wait for his scene because it's actually pretty good . other than that , drab , drab , drab and drab . even jason lee , a personal favorite of mine , was left out to dry with lame dialogue and one of the phoniest romances to hit the big screen in a while . well , at least he finally " came out " and did some real skateboarding in this movie ! oh yeah , and i guess that's the fourth point in my rating . anyway , if you enjoy watching boring patients babble on about their boring problems to an uninteresting psychologist . . . this film's your bag ! otherwise , skip it and see analyze this ( 8/10 ) again . . . now there's a great shrink movie ! little known facts about this film and its stars : " three's company " fans alert ! ! ! terri from the tv show , also known as actress priscilla barnes , plays a small but pivotal part as the landlady in this film . the scene is actually a fantasy sequence and does feature cleavage , so stay tuned , kids ! also , it is to note that the actress was once named " penthouse pet of the month " in march of 1976 . she was known as one joann witty back then . she's originally from jersey . who the hell is loren dean , the dude who plays mumford in this film ? you got me , but all i know is that he was born in las vegas in 1969 and played the character of billy bathgate in the 1991 film of the same name . jason lee was born in the state of california in the year of 1971 . he was a professional skateboarder before his acting career took off after mallrats ( 6/10 ) , and even owns his own skateboarding company called stereo manufacturing corp . he's been in every kevin smith film except for clerks ( 8 . 5/10 ) . listen closely and you will hear the pharmacist in this film ( the ballooning actor formerly known as pruit taylor vince ) make a reference to the " lost ark " , which is obviously an in-joke , considering that it is the writer/director of this film , lawrence kasdan , who co-wrote raiders of the lost ark ( 9/10 ) . kasdan also played the part of dr . green in 1997's as good as it gets ( 8/10 ) . ted danson also played the role of lawyer peter lowenstein in kasdan's 1981 directorial debut body heat starring a sexy kathleen turner and william hurt . 
louie is a trumpeter swan with no voice . in order to woo his lady love serina , louie makes friends with a young boy , sammy , who persuades teacher mrs . hammerbottom ( carol burnett ) to allow louie to attend class . louie learns to read and write and returns to his flock , but is laughed at once again when no other swans can understand his message of love for serina . to make matters worse , louie's father feels he's lost his honor because of the trumpet he stole for his son in this animated version of e . b . white's " trumpet of the swan . " as jane austen and henry james have become popular sources for adult filmmakers over the past decade or so , e . b . white is being returned to for children's films . the animated " charlotte's web " has become a minor classic since its release in 1973 and 1999 brought us a live action version of " stuart little . " " trumpet of the swan , " directed by richard rich ( 1999's animated " the king and i , " the " swan princess " series ) , is unlikely to be remembered along with those two . " trumpet of the swan " is receiving a regional theatrical release , but is sure to quickly appear on home video . boston is one of the targetted cities because our hero louie becomes famous playing his trumpet in beantown . he encounters a gypsy-like con man in the public gardens who pitches louie and his trumpet as an added attraction to boston's swan boats . louie stays at the ritz carlton before giving a concert at the hatch shell along the banks of the charles river . at this point , louie's earned enough money so that dad can pay for the trumpet and become musically capable enough to win over serina's father . " trumpet of the swan " features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs . this effort would be better suited to saturday morning television than the big screen , but may be ok for the real small set . 
sometimes i wonder just what the censors are thinking . take this film , " naked killer " , among it's ingredients are heavy doses of violence , rape sequences , straight and lesbian sex scenes and what our system calls " coarse language " . but what do those intelligent people at the censorship bureau choose to remove in case someone will get offended ? one word - penis . that's it . in spite of everything else in the movie the one thing that the censors decide is too much is " penis . " . it really restores you're faith in the system , huh ? anyway , that's just a side point . when naked killer was released in the local independent cinemas around melbourne , it was advertised ad nausuem as a hip , cool , controversial thriller . what they forgot to mention was that it isn't very good . the plot involves male cop tinam ( simon yam ) , investigating a series of brutal murders . while getting a haircut he meets and finds himself attracted to a girl named kitty ( chingmy yau ) , who , after extracting revenge on the man who killed her father , falls in with professional killer sister cindy ( svenwara madoka ) . realising kitty has potential , cindy decides to train kitty in several unusual and ridiculous ways and gives her a new identity . however in the course of his investigation tinam ( who believed kitty had disappeared ) , runs into her again , but isn't quite sure if it's her . to complicate matters the actual serial killlers , princess and baby , who a former students of cindy , and have been told to kill their old master and her new student . from then the action ensues . . . all in all , this is not a well done movie . the script is awful , the direction all over the place , the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor . however the are a few stand alone pieces that do entertain . the shoot out in the car park is almost woo-like in adrenaline . the fight scenes are energetic and i guess it must get a few points for trying something a little different . let me put this way , if you like action - get something else , if you like strong women in movies - get something else , if you have do decide between this and " black cat " for your hong kong female action - don't get either . even for curiosity value it just isn't worth it . let's face it - if ever the was a movie that became popular on it's subject alone , this is it . 
there was a time when john carpenter was a great horror director . of course , his best film was 1978's masterpiece , " halloween , " but he also made 1980's " the fog , " and 1987's underrated , " prince of darkness . " heck , he even made a good film in 1995 , with " in the mouth of madness . " but something terribly wrong happened to him in 1992 , with the terrible comedy , " memoirs of an invisible man . " somehow , carpenter has lost his touch , with junk like his failed 1995 remake of , " village of the damned , " to his uninspired 1996 sequel , " escape from l . a . " those movies , however , look like cinematic works of art compared to his latest film , " john carpenter's vampires . " if i was him , i definately wouldn't want to put my own name in the title . it is a sad state of affairs when carpenter can make something as misguided and flatly written and filmed as , " vampires . " the story is simple . jack crow ( james woods ) is a vampire hunter who , along with one of his partners , montoya ( daniel baldwin ) , and a prostitute , katrina ( sheryl lee ) , survives an attack from the master vampire , valek ( thomas ian griffith ) . since katrina was previously bitten by him , crow takes her along because anyone who is bitten by valek becomes telepathically linked to him until they themselves turn into vampires a couple days later , and crow is hoping to find him with the help of her . it seems valek's mission is to steal a black , wooden cross from a roman catholic church that will enable him to become so powerful that sunlight will not destroy him . my question is : how many time have we seen this same story played out ? well , the answer is just about as many times as a better version of the story has been made . " john carpenter's vampires , " sadly enough , is one of the most unscary horror films i've ever seen . in fact , there isn't even one suspenseful moment in the whole 105-minute running time . the non-stop vampire attack sequences are stylelessly filmed , without any interesting camera work , which is usually a trademark of carpenter's . and then we come to the screenplay , which , as far as i can tell , is nearly non-existent . there is no story development , and there isn't even an attempt to flesh out the characters . james woods can be a good actor , but he has nothing to do here but to say a couple of " pseudo " -clever lines of dialogue . daniel baldwin has some potential , but his character comes off as being very dense . and sheryl lee ( faring much better as laura palmer in " twin peaks " ) , like all of the female characters , plays an offensive stereotypical whore . there is not an ounce of intelligence , or excitement in , " john carpenter's vamires , " which is very disheartening coming from an ex-fan of carpenter's . he has said that he turned down directing , " halloween : h20 , " because he couldn't work up any excitement for it . and yet , when asked about a " vampires " sequel , he said he would be happy to do it . i think that's a definite sign that carpenter has finally lost any trace of his lasting talent , not to mention a significant number of iq points . 
warning : spoilers are included in this review . . . but it doesn't really make much of a difference . deep impact begins the official summer movie season , and it also brings back memories of 1997 . remember when dante's peak came out in february ? a few months later , volcano was released . the first film was smart , exhilirating , and one of the best disaster films i had ever seen . the latter film was an incohesive mess that defied logic and wasted talent . well , it's deja vu all over again as two disaster films go head to head in competition . this time , unfortunately , the first comet flick is so bad that people may shy away from armageddon , the upcoming comet-disaster to be released the beginning of july . of course , the general reaction of the audience was oppposed to mine , and so i am in the minority , as i was when i stood on the side of dante's peak . but while watching deep impact , i began to wonder how anyone in their right mind could actually like this film . apparently many did , and it utterly baffles me . to be completely honest , i haven't had this little fun watching a disaster film in my entire life . volcano had implausibilities up the wazoo , but it was still rather fun to watch . deep impact doesn't just have implausibilities , it also contains cheap human drama , incredibly horrible special effects , and a poorly constructed plot . the only thing that gives it a half star above my bottom ranking is a slightly entertaining final fifteen minutes and some good actors making the most of their characters . deep impact begins in an unnamed year ( the year varies ; advanced technology sets it in the future , but fire in the sky is showing on a local movie theater , pushing it back to 1993 ) . a line of students is outside at night , peering through telescopes at the dark sky above . among these are leo biederman ( elijah wood ) and sarah hotchner ( leelee sobieski ) . leo unknowingly discovers a comet , and his teacher sends a photo of the unknown object to an astronomer , who then is able to determine the correct path of this distant comet in about a few seconds . he races off to mail the information , but is killed in a reckless car accident . a year passes , and nothing is heard about it again . we are then introduced to jenny lerner ( t ? a leoni ) , a reporter for msnbc . she gets handed a job to investigate a possible cover-up in the government involving senator alan rittenhouse ( james cromwell ) . she talks to a woman who mentions that rittenhouse was having an affair with a girl named ellie . after talking with rittenhouse , and unsatisfied with the information she gets , she decides to use the internet for help . luckily , she knows exactly how to spell the certain " ellie " that she is looking for ( they spell it ele in the film . . . that girl is pretty darn smart for guessing how it was spelled ) . before she can use the information , the government decides to push her car off the road . they take her in to meet the president of the united states , president beck ( morgan freeman ) . beck recommends that jenny keep the information secret for 48 hours so they can confirm it and then hold a press conference . naturally , she wants to be compensated , and they offer her a front row seat and the chance for the first question . and so , yada yada yada , they reveal the comet to the public and their plans : send a massive spacecraft out to destroy it before it can arrive . they announce a plan called " ark , " which is their only hope for survival . a computer will select 800 , 000 people at random . these people are the ones who will go into a large cave underground so that the impact of the comet won't kill off the entire human race . after two years , the dust will settle ( actually , it would take much , much longer--approximately ninety years , from what i understand ) and the humans could come back to the surface and start over . the rest of the plot is your standard disaster film procedures , but there is one subplot worth mentioning . jenny and her father , jason ( maximilian schell ) , have a very touching relationship that forms out of the impending doom . the final moment involving the two characters is heartfelt and emotional . it's a shame that nothing else is heartfelt . now , of course , we all know that the comet does impact the surface . the title alone suggests it , and the previews actually show it ! by doing this , absoltuely no tension can be drawn from any attempt to stop the comet because we all know that it won't work . director mimi leder came from her successful tries at direction with episodes of the hit television show " er . " her major film debut was the peacemaker , a pathetic and heartless action film . well , this time leder outdid herself , creating a film worse than that one . suggestion to ms . leder : please , stay away from the big screen , or at least the action genre . much of the blame can be placed on leder directly , because the pace is disastrously off . throughout the film we are given subtitles that tell us how much time has passed ( it goes from months to weeks to hours ) . it literally feels like this lapsed time is taking place in real-time--it's that boring . of course , leder isn't all to blame for it . screenwriters michael tolkin and bruce joel rubin have crafted a simplistic story that only gets worse with time . what starts out promising soon turns deadly ( for the audience anyway ) . chock full of cheesy one liners ( " you know , you are going to have more sex than anyone else in school ! " ) and stupid characters , you might think we were back in the 70s again . only one of the subplots is remotely interesting , while the rest are forgettable and boring . and the main plot is so outrageous that you can't figure out if this film is supposed to be an action , drama , or sci-fi . to put it simply : the special effects of this film are a hit and miss situation . that's right , 80% miss , and 20% hit . scenes above the earth are well done , and the orbiting ship is majestic . but the comet is a huge mistake , making it more laughable than frightening . the concept of even trying to land on a comet is preposterous enough , but that's forgiveable . what isn't forgiveable is actually having humans walk on the surface . give me a break , will ya ? and of course , the much hyped collision of comet and earth . well , it is far from spectacular , and it makes independence day look brilliant . the water rushing towards the land is effective , but once it hits the continent , the effects turn ridiculous . cgi water is used , and it looks so bad that i heard more laughs from the audience than shrieks . in fact , i may even recommend the film for those who want to see how bad effects can actually get these days . just when we think visual effects can't be improved , along comes a film to show that they really can and should be . one thing has struck a wrong note with me concerning mimi leder's direction , which also influences the actors . leder loves to show the actors' faces before and during moments of terror . this reminded me of another action director , renny harlin ( die hard 2 , cliffhanger ) . but harlin succeeds because he shows the faces of the victims in realistic situations . leder likes to flaunt people's fears via their faces , but instead of coming off as sympathetic , leder seems more of a sadist . one moment has an astronaut flying off into space . this should be enough to warrant a response from the audience , but leder wants to go farther and shows us the person's face while drifting into space . this is one of the cheapest ways to ellicit an emotional response from an audience , and i , for one , am not going to be fooled . on another note , leder's film only picks up its pace during the last fifteen minutes when the comet actually impacts . the pace does pick up , and some very emotional moments are shown . then again , when you watch people cry for their loved ones , it's obvious it will be emotional . it's mostly just a big trick to rope viewers into " feeling " for the characters , but it didn't work for me . but anyway , the actors do as much as they can with what they are given . t ? a leoni ( bad boys , tv's " the naked truth " ) is the best of the film , and she is given the meatiest role . her character is made stronger by leoni's presence , and we grow to care for her . robert duvall is energetic and fun to watch , but his character is turned into shreds by the plot . elijah wood also comes off rather successfully , but he still hasn't had many good roles ( wood , stick to drama ! you are too talented for this stuff ) . vanessa redgrave is barely acknowledgeable , and her performance is only enhanced by her strong presence on screen . maximilian schell is distracting , but he does provide some nice humor . morgan freeman has been infinitely better than this , and gives one of his most shallow performances to date ( which is quite remarkable for him ) . leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character . a special note should go to ron eldard and denise crosby . eldard is good in his role , but is limited by the plot . crosby is special to me personally because she was tasha yar from tv's " star trek : the next generation . " seeing her was one of the highlights of the film . overall , a very talented cast virtually wasted . deep impact is rated pg-13 for disaster related elements and brief language . this is one of the worst films of the year , and if it is any omen of things to come , this summer could be one of the worst ever . luckily , the x-files movie is coming up , and hopefully armageddon will be more successful . it's a shame that this film will do so successfully because it just isn't worth much . costing nearly $75 million , with special effects done by the illustrious ilm ( which is a huge shocker ) , and with a score composed by oscar-winner james horner ( titanic ) , one might have expected this to be more fun to witness and experience . well , it's not . when the comet does hit the earth , you almost wish it could just take this film along with it . 
i'm a dedicated fan of writer kevin williamson's work . he always finds a clever way to spice up old material with witty dialogue and fresh ideas that stem from his inventive brain . with teaching mrs . tingle , his directorial debut , williamson has reached the end of his rope . what used to be intelligent about his films is hopelessly stale here . the components are all there , including an encouraging premise that all high school students can relate to . but where are the thrills ? the laughs ? both are supposedly absent from this draggy exercise in elaborate revenge . and what a shame that is . i loved the scream films - heck , i even enjoyed the sci-fi goofiness of the faculty . kevin williamson was the reason horror films were such a big draw at the box office . teaching mrs . tingle , a black comedy that will leave a gaping void in his optimistic followers , may put an end to his reign . or perhaps it will encourage him to spend more time perfecting a script than to worry about his directing duties . i still have my faith , but i fear the name of kevin williamson may soon be a forgotten echo of the past . the title character of his pet project is a vicious , uncaring history teacher who is played deliciously over-the-top by british actress helen mirren . mrs . tingle is basically every student's worst nightmare : a heartless human being bent on distributing poor marks to even the most hard-working of her pupils . the principal ( michael mckean ) is horrified of her , and she is unanimously despised among her fellow staff members . i enjoyed the fact that everyone in the hallway quickly steers out of her way . mirren's performance is one of the very few delights in this distressingly hollow black comedy that goes down like a flat soft drink . in other words , it's a poor substitute for williamson's best work . the plot is a big problem here . material that could have been enjoyable is rendered totally ridiculous by poor handling on the part of the director . the likable katie holmes plays leigh ann , an over-achiever hoping to get a college scholarship . but typical mrs . tingle says her history project , which she worked on for countless hours , is laughable . later on while studying in the gymnasium , a classmate ( barry watson ) offers her a photo-copied duplicate of mrs . tingle's final exam . leigh ann's best friend ( marisa coughlan ) encourages her to use it . alas , the old hag herself finds the three scheming , and snatches the test , and prepares to talk to the principal in the morning . in the morning . . . how convenient ! the three students head to mrs . tingle's house , attempting to set the facts straight and clear leigh ann's name . things get out of hand , and the teacher gets knocked unconscious in a tussle . the plan is to tie her to a bed and try to get some reasoning out of her . of course , not everything goes entirely to plan . besides pointless sub-plots involving the football coach ( jeffrey tambor , horribly wasted ) , there is little by way of actual progress . there is no urgency to the situation ; little tension or laughs are involved . the humor is completely inconsistent . after many of the jokes , the theater was so silent i could have heard a fly sneeze . you continue to await some momentum in the story , something that could possibly revive the slow pace . a moment like that never arises . williamson also does a handsome job of wasting some of the key supporting players , including the talented mckean and larry sanders' vet tambor . and the beautiful vivica a . fox has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counselor , and then williamson disposes of her character entirely . on the plus side , holmes and coughlan are admirable ( with the latter giving a frighteningly believable exorcism impression ) , and molly ringwald has an amusing cameo appearance as a substitute teacher . while everything is pretty lifeless , teaching mrs . tingle remains watchable . there are a few promising ideas that pop up now and again , but anything remotely interesting is squandered by the inane script . mirren is easily the best reason to keep watching . she is convincingly evil and fun to watch , but even her gifted delivery can't save individual scenes that flounder in boredom . if there is one word for the movie surrounding her , it would be `disappointing' . basically , kevin williamson is his worst enemy here . his uneventful direction prevents any aspects of his screenplay to be appreciated ( not that his writing here is especially good ) . we will see , when rookie screenwriter ehren kruger writes the third installment in the scream franchise this christmas , whether williamson is for real . 
the job of the film critic is to see a movie and write a review of it that tells you what it's about and why it's good or bad . i feel kind of embarrassed to admit this , but i after having seen " get carter " i really can't tell you what it's about although i could go on and on about how and why it's a bad movie . " get carter " falls into that category of ? movies that continue to be made for reasons unknown to anyone outside of a hollywood executive board room . you might call them the " steven seagal/mickey rourke/jean-claude van damme/wesley snipes school of mediocre action/crime thrillers . " you know - the potboilers that are heavy on fistfights , shoot-outs and car chases but really light on plot and character development . they have stories where the so-called hero just keeps running into characters who have some connection to one of the other characters who are all antagonists without a reason for being in the movie other than to give the protagonist someone to fight , chase or shoot at . sylvester stallone stars as jack carter , a las vegas-based mob enforcer who returns home * for his brother's funeral . he believes his brother ? richie was " taken out " and didn't die from a dwi accident . carter's one of the most cliche bad-asses ever captured on celluloid . his face alone is pretty intimidating and there's quite a few scenes in which he leans on both regular citizens and criminal lowlives simply by staring them down and speaking with confidence in his " rambo-on-testosterone-therapy " voice . stallone's performance in this movie is so forced and unnatural he doesn't realize he's mocking himself . the actual story involves carter's investigation into his brother richie's death . he's in a town that's not his but somehow the local top dogs know him very well . mickey rourke co-stars as one of these characters , a sort of crime boss who has something to do with running a porno web site and blackmailing a young internet tycoon ( played by alan cummings looking and acting a lot like pee wee herman ) . there's also another plot involving richie's mistress , a secret cd-rom with some convicting and disturbing evidence on it and something terrible involving one of carter's still-living relatives . i'm rolling my eyes just thinking about trying to critique all this in a way that could be remotely comprehendible . i could just rip the screenplay to shreds , plus the direction or the editing or the production values but that would require discussion of nearly every scene in order to explain it all . i don't like to put spoliers in my reviews either intentionally or accidentally . yes , " get carter " is just that complicated and complex . and what's worse is that it's not this intricate to make it seem smart like " the usual suspects " for example - just the opposite . you get the feeling whoever wrote this script did it in short intervals spaced far apart and they probably didn't remember what had already happened and didn't figure out how each scene would lead in to the next one or how the major plot points would work towards the climax . all you really need to know is that most of the film is just scenes of carter tracking down one scumbag or supposed witness after another , asking them what they know , getting information and then realizing that if he wasn't a complete idiot he could have figured it out in the first five minutes . although the supporting characters are equally stupid themselves since they tell him everything which comes back to haunt them in one violent way or another . making a movie entirely about criminals doesn't necessarily mean they have to be unlikable and cliche cutout characters . mel gibson starred in " payback " a few years ago that had a story not unlike this one but had such a good screenplay you couldn't help but like him even though he was just as bad a guy as jack carter . so ultimately " get carter " fails for pretty much every selling point it has . carter is not a likable character and you really don't care if he gets revenge or not . the action sequences are not at all exciting or original . the enemies and their massive conspiracy are not threatening at all ( c'mon , you know who's going to win every brawl and shoot-out and car chase ) . in the end you don't feel nearly satisfied with the results . the filmmakers did a good job in doing everything as unoriginal as possible . * the city is never mentioned by name but i assume it's seattle since all the cars have washington license plates and it's always raining . 
inspired by the 1958 film house on haunted hill starring vincent price . directed by william malone . starring geoffrey rush , famke janssen , and chris kattan . rated r ( contains violence , profanity , and brief nudity ) . synopsis : eccentric millionaire price offers $1 , 000 , 000 to each of his guests who appear at a gathering at a former sanitarium . the only catch is that they have to survive the night at the establishment , an establishment haunted by its former staff and patients . comments : house on haunted hill is based upon the original 1958 film of the same title directed by william castle and starring vincent price . in an obvious homage , the millionaire's name is price and he sports a thin mustache like price used to have . this is a pretty bad horror film , yet bad horror films sometimes are very entertaining , and house on haunted hill is just such a film . it is , surprisingly , better than another recent haunted house remake , the haunting , a film which owes its basis to the classic horror novel by shirley jackson . the haunting had literary pretensions and fell flat on it face . house on haunted hill owes its lineage to a b-movie 40 years old and makes no illusion that it's a crappy horror movie . thus , somehow , it proves slightly more successful . i can't think of another recent film which has had such an eclectic cast . it is this cast which lifts this ho-hum thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in camp horror . price , the main character , is played by geoffrey rush , the academy-award winning actor of shine . rush seems to be making a downward spiral in the movie industry , a spiral reminiscent of ben ( ghandi , schindler's list ) kingsley's ridiculous appearance in the camp sci-fi classic species . i don't know why , but sometimes it's entertaining to see " quality " actors in bad movies . more surprises ? rising star taye diggs plays a stereotypical african american sports figure ( rather lamely too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! ) appears as a tv news reporter . the highlight of the cast , however , has to be saturday night live member chris kattan . kattan's comic sense provides several good humorous moments as he plays the hysterical proprietor of the former sanitarium . while the first half of the film leaves the audience guessing as to what's exactly going on , the second half dissolves into standard ghost story stuff and loses some of its suspense . a disappointingly cheesy ending really mars this movie too . house on haunted hill , i suspect , has just about left the second-run theaters . it's worth catching on cable next year , if you get a chance . if you have a choice , pick this movie over the haunting , it's the better of two evils , you could say . though , more appropriately perhaps , it'd be better to say that it's the better of two turkeys . 
for about twenty minutes into mission impossible 2 director john woo ( the killer , hard boiled , face off ) appears to have made an exciting , elegant , charming spy thriller , kind of a post millennium james bond adventure with a strapping american ( read : unsophisticated ) hero more willing to drop kick villains than out fox them . sadly , as the picture progresses , the final product begins to bear a closer resemblance to a souped up , two-hour long episode of magyuver . and not a particularly good one at that . what went wrong ? mi2 begins flashily enough , that initial flash leading us to believe that it'll soon give way to something of a plot , but it only gives way to more flash , then digresses further into a presumably unintentional parody of itself with much slo mo posturing and countless action set pieces wherein bad guys seem to deliberately leap into the way of tom cruise's firing gun just so they can die really cool . early on , during a car chase between soon to be lovers ethan hunt ( tom cruise ) and nyah nordoff-hall ( thandie newton ) , woo works some of his trademark magic . in one hypnotic , though completely inexplicable sequence , the director slows the action down to a languid semi-stall as cruise and his stunning opponent stare into one and other's eyes with come hither sexuality ? ? ? just as their respective cars smash and spin in accordance , coming ever so close to toppling over a neighboring cliff . prior to this we see the famed trailer opener of cruise climbing a steep mountain , sans scaffolding , then leaping from one jagged rock formation to another . why ? i haven't the foggiest . i doubt even john woo could provide you with a logical reply . with mi2 woo has become a slave to the summer movie machine , the one that jettisons logic for gravity defying effects and story for more gravity defying effects . it's possible that these " spies " could be adrenaline junkies climbing mountains and crashing into each other as means to get off , though of course this is never explored . the scenes i've described are really only included to titillate , not to give any insight into character . god forbid . woo certainly knows how to make each set piece energetic , but they remain individual set pieces never connecting to form anything more than splices of beer commercial-like visuals . still in terms of crackerjack eye candy , the opening has much to cherish . cruise and newton first meet during a vigorous flamenco dance featuring several welcome woo devices ( the graceful slow mo artistry of synchronized movement juxtaposed against the stage 1 romance of two attractive individuals discovering how attractive the other is ) . between the frantic dancing , woo trains his camera on cruise and newton as they make with some sensuous eye contact . the scene is a little over the top in a bon jovi music video circa 1988 kind of way , yet it has style and something of soul , and woo casts a bit of a spell on us . sure it's all smoke and mirrors , but we can see that there happens to be a talented maestro behind this particular product . thandie and cruise later meet in a bathtub in a scene that's about half as playfully charming as the jennifer lopez \ george cloony trunk meeting in out of sight . they flirt and exchange obvious double entendres . newton bats her eyes flirtatiously . cruise grins a little too slyly . the cruise character , ethan hunt , has been drastically altered since the first film . here cruise plays him more as a hip , sexual dynamo than the square jawed robot he impersonated in part 1 . he's cool and dashing , which is precisely the kind of role we want to see cruise in after watching him sleep walk through eyes wide shut ( which might just be the longest episode of red show diaries ever committed to film ) , and blustered his way through magnolia ( quite possibly the most overrated performance of the 90's ) . sadly as the film progresses we see less of cruise's initial " i'm the man ! " charm and more slo-mo close-ups of his preening mug . mi2 falls apart on nearly every level during its repetitious third act , which is essentially one hour long action sequence that just won't stop . the whole thing commences with an utterly generic gun battle ( the first gun fight in the film ) , which really should be unheard of in a john woo film , but alas this particular battle could've been staged by anyone from renny harlin to joseph merhi ( of course excepting the " symbolic " pigeons who seem to find their way into every john woo picture ) . we've all seen guys slide across the floor in slo mo while firing a gun in each hand . it isn't done any differently here . the action is pure hard target \ broken arrow theatrics with nothing to propel it but the apparent need to see tom cruise drop kick face less villains while his hair whips stylishly in the wind . he's cool for sure but he's made to be as empty as the movie . the actor isn't used so much for his boyish appeal as for his chiseled looks ; he smiles narcissistically into the camera at literally any moment , be it during a gunfight , before one or after one . when he's not beaming away , he's staring into the lens with cold eyes trying to look mad as hell , but woo's editing seriously undermines the effort . he fetishizes cruise's angular face with such glee that it turns into a naked gun style spoof . i half expected cruise to peel off his facemask and reveal that he's really austin powers . in a classic woo action moment , ethan hunt struts past a fiery doorway glaring at the baddies within its frame like a pin-up boy angel of death . the gunfight turns into a daring escape which turns into a reckless mission which turns into a motorcycle attack in which bad guys seem to angle directly for cruise to kill them like some kind of mass suicide ritual ( one dumb bastard even jumps his bike over the gun toting cruise , basically inviting our handsome hero to shoot him in mid air which he does ) . the lead bad guy ( played by the appropriately british dougray scott ) and cruise face off in a mentally deficient game of chicken ? ? ? on motorcycles . though instead of jumping off to the side at the last moment , the two grown men leap directly into the other giving each other a mid air bear hug , only to fly about a hundred feet ( still in bear hug position ) , land on a beach below and begin a mano-e-mano fist fight that ends with the bad guy pulling a " so you thought i was dead . . . " . not to worry , cruise takes care of the problem without even breaking a sweat . what a hero ! you may have noticed that i opted not to describe an iota of mi2's plot . my reasoning is simple : i'm not sure of any good it would do . the film itself has absolutely no concern with story , only with hurtling forth to the next " special " effect . i wasn't kidding when i told a friend of mine that mi2 has less plot than the average aerosmith video . nobody will go to this for the plot , and if they do they'll surely regret it . as summer movies evolve ( or devolve ) character and plot have become increasingly whittled down to nearly nothing . in mi , the plot seemed to be built around brian de palma's ( that film's director ) stylistic flourishes , while in mi2 the plot only serves to give us an intermittent breather from woo's non-stop masturbatory pandemonium . it's irrelevant in every sense , as is character . all that ultimately matters are those pesky smoke and mirrors . 
if there's one thing i just can't stand , it's a film that oozes with sentimentality . here's a note to all film makers : films are more effective when the emotions of the characters speak for themselves . swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless . alas , my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that i forgot as i watched it that there are other ways of getting audience members choked up . what reminded me was that i wasn't choked up , or even the slightest bit moved , for that matter . my giant is a forced , contrived , and conspicuously un-cute ( i detest the word " cute " but i've chosen to use it because the makers clearly wanted to create a " cute " film here ) . it takes a premise that might have been interesting ( i liked the preview ) , and bogs it down with endless plot turns and cliches , all of which are intended to get some kind of easy emotional rise from the audience . maybe it will work for some people . it didn't work for me . billy crystal plays sam cayman , an agent who , at the beginning of the film , is in romania . he's in romania because the kid actor he made famous is doing a film . the screenplay has him in romania so he can get fired , get in a car accident , and get saved by an enormous individual who stands almost eight feet tall . his name is max ( gheorghe muresan ) , and sam thinks he'd be a great movie star because of his size . subplots are as follows : sam has a son and a wife ( kathleen quinlan ) , and he's never around for them , so they move to chicago . max is in love with a woman named lilianna who moved away from romania twenty years before the film begins . sam convinces max to go back to america with him so they can make lots of money , and so their various subplots can all be resolved . sam is broke . max is dying . pass the kleenex . my giant , as a comedy , is only moderately funny . it has its moments , the best of which features steven seagal making fun of himself . in one great scene , sam gets his son on the phone to talk to seagal ; of course , his son doesn't believe that he's actually speaking to seagal , and he goes off about how bad of an actor he is ( i would quote the line i like but it would probably lose its effect ) . crystal is always entertaining , and he has a few good lines here ( some of which are subtle throwaways that many will miss entirely ) ; often , however , he's countered by a slew of jokes that aren't funny , and cause an involuntary rolling of the eyes . muresan is kind of fun to watch , but he just can't act very well . quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents . she was underused last year in both event horizon and breakdown , but at least in those films she had moments in which she could show us her stuff . here , the best thing she gets to do is fake a romanian accent . all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre . as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings . sam's multiple engagements with his family are all completely hackneyed ( how about a main character who has a healthy relationship with his family ? ) . later , it turns out the entire story is supposed to be a great big metaphor signifying sam's reunion with his family . and some people might think that what sam does for max towards the end is a valiant thing , but i had a few morality problems with it ( and i apologize for being vague ) . it's icky . it drips with gooey , wannabe human emotions . my giant could have been a straightforward and funny family film . more importantly , it could have been moving on a level far deeper than it is . instead , it's a complicated , overlong , and under-engaging film that elicits too few laughs and strives for superficial tears . and since it left me feeling completely unmoved , i stand by my position that sentimentality is evil and will ultimately destroy the world . 
there's a 1 , 000-foot tidal wave at the end of deep impact . i'd say it pretty accurately represents the towering flood of the last two years worth of disaster movies , which are getting more irwin allen- esque with every release . the early wave of this revival , while just as cheesy and laughable , at least knew to include thrills every five to ten minutes . deep impact tries to disguise itself as a human drama , with endless filler comprised of disaster prevention plans the country keeps taking . the repeating cycle is as follows -- the president ( morgan freeman ) will go on tv and tell the country that there's a remote chance a comet will strike the earth , but that the nation's crack scientists and astronauts have some brilliant plan to stop the problem . then we get to see the plan in action , in some sequence utterly lacking suspense . the mission will barely fail , and freeman will tell the country that the comet is still headed toward earth , and there's a remote chance it will strike , but that the nation's crack scientists and astronauts have some brilliant plan to stop the problem . it goes on and on throughout the movie , but every time freeman goes on tv , we know his plan is going to fail . how do we know this ? because we've seen the tv ads for deep impact , ads that feature freeman telling the nation that " the comet is still headed right for us " and show disaster shots of the comet striking earth and the giant tidal wave spreading . ladies and gentlemen , that is the movie . successful disaster movies have the main disaster toward the beginning and more little disasters that follow , but deep impact saves its one disaster for the end and discloses all in its 30-second tv spots . television is what's wrong with deep impact . the main character , played by tea leoni , is a low-level broadcast journalist for msnbc ( and that's the mere tip of the product-placement iceberg ) who stumbles upon a huge government conspiracy . she thinks it's an instance of an ex-secretary of something or other ( james cromwell ) resigning because of a mistress , and that maybe he took the fall for the president in the same area . when she goes nosing around cromwell , he begs her to keep it under wraps . " i know you're just a reporter , but you used to be a human being . " she figures out what's really going on after getting roughed up by some fbi men and doing an internet search , where all good journalists learn the difference between a mistress and an extinction- level comet . upon a top-secret meeting with president freeman , leoni agrees to keep the story under wraps until the president can hold a press conference , at which she gets to ask the first question . and everyone knows , if you get to ask the first question , baby you're a star . leoni ends up in the anchor chair , broadcasting every step of the comet's collision course with earth . and i'm sure it's comforting for her to know that , even though the world's ending in a matter of months , she's a cable news personality . so there she is , narrating the six-astronaut mission to blow the comet up . such personalities as robert duvall , jon favreau and blair underwood cash their paychecks and go through the motions of this dragged-out process . but as anyone who's seen the commercials knows , the astronauts fail . they only end up breaking the comet into two pieces , which means even more destruction to the earth . yeah , thanks , nasa . that's when freeman has to come on tv for the last time and say goodbye to all the people who aren't picked to live in the missouri cave site for two years . they even have animals , two by two , ready to climb into the cave . if the focus had been on people living inside these caves after the world had been destroyed , deep impact could have been a far more interesting movie . instead we watch as a lovestruck elijah wood defies all odds to chase down his young wife , while people pack the highways out of town . the reasoning is , of course , that if a comet is going to strike , they might as well be out in some scenic rural location . and , amusingly , the highway is spotted with people in u-haul trucks . i'm sure it's comforting to know that , even though the world's ending in a matter of minutes , the u-haul people are doing the most business of their lives . 
( dreamworks skg ) running time : 2 hours starring robert duvall , tea leoni and elijah wood directed by mimi leder the first of the two asteroid movies coming out this year ( the second is the macho armageddon ) is actually a dull affair . elijah wood plays leo biederman , who during astronomy class discovers that a large asteroid is heading for earth . tea leoni plays a ( rather crap ) news reporter , jenny lerner , who soon discovers about this asteroid through a very long winded and boring way , and robert duvall plays the leader of a space crew , spurgeon tanner , who are planning to blow the asteroid out of the path of earth . also featuring is morgan freeman as the president , and maximilian schell and vanessa redgrave as jenny's father and mother . while many people will walk into the film expecting a big special effects fest with the asteroid blowing everything up ( as the trailers seem to promise ) , the film is actually more of a character study , if a very poor one . the main problem is that there are too many characters in the film , and not enough time to explore them all . only the space crew are given any depth , jenny lerner , leo and the president are surprisingly 2d , and we never get to know these characters . and because i couldn't care for them , i didn't really give a crap if the asteroid killed them or not . the script by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin is horribly simple , and never really makes any interesting statements . mimi leder , the former er director and director of the average the peacemaker ( 1996 ) , again directs in a ho-hum style , and never really gets any emotion out of a scene , which is a shame . the cast are seemingly on autopilot , although tea leoni does gives a rather good performance , even if she acts a bit too dorky for her own good . she seems uncommonly stupid for a journalist . robert duvall is on autopilot with a underwritten role , he just seems to be in this film for the money . elijah wood , one of the best child actors working today , is surprisingly average , although his choice of roles lately haven't exactly been brilliant ( i . e . flipper , 1996 ) . his role is also vastly underwritten . morgan freeman , again , is utterly wasted with a ridiculously underwritten role . like duvall , he just seems to be in the film for the money . the supporting cast are all o . k , none making much of an impression . ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ? well , yes and no . although the special effects should be impressive , with a massive tidal wave destroying new york , the special effects look like , well , special effects . sadly , the waves looks like it's been drawn on computer , and doesn't look too good at all . surprising really , when the effects are done by industrial light & magic , who did the effects for the lost world and twister . in the end , deep impact is a wasted opportunity . what could of been a moving movie with good effects turns out to be a dud in both characters and effects . the 2 hours the film had could have been used to much greater effect . once again , dreamworks has churned out another average movie . let's hope armageddon is a bit better . overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities 
an attempt at florida film noir , palmetto fails at the most fundamental levels . it's slow moving , uninvolving , and plain just uninteresting . harry barber ( woody harrelson ) is an ex-newspaper man , just out of jail after being framed for a crime . his luck hasn't been the best , but things are looking up when a mysterious woman , rhea malroux ( elisabeth shue ) , approaches him with a proposition . she wants harry to help her and her stepdaughter , odette ( chloe sevigny ) , pull off a fake kidnapping scheme to get $500 , 000 out of her stingy , but rich , husband felix ( rolf hoppe ) . at first , all harry is expected to do is provide a threatening voice on the phone , and to collect the money ( of which he gets to keep 10% ) . but , as the deed is carried out , things are not what they seem , and harry gets caught in the ensuing storm . palmetto pulls out all the stops to achieve a film noir film , but the effect never quite comes together . it's got the sultry florida heat , seductive women , and even curvier plot twists , but the whole thing smells of paint-by-numbers . sure , the right ingredients are there , but the end result is much too artificial . a lot of the problems lie with the script , which , though providing some genuine surprises , is packed full of leaden dialogue and bland situations . even the plot twists don't seem to flow well with the rest of the story . some of them , for example , come from so far afield that they seemingly only make sense because the writer needed a twist ( for example : harry's spontaneous job offer , or the whole typewriter situation ) . the characters are mostly lifeless , played to type , but not much more . woody harrelson plays harry with such imbecilic thick-headedness that it's hard to even picture him as an ex-journalist . elisabeth shue vamps it up , but doesn't add anything special to the role . chloe sevigny gives a terrible performance , trying to be a sexy 17-year old , but she just leaves a bad taste in your mouth . some of the supporting cast ( notably gina gershon and michael rapaport ) give stronger , but , in the end , meaningless performances . and to top it off , the pacing of the film is much too slow . as the movie grinds to a halt , you're given too much time to wonder why you're wasting it watching palmetto . if you're in the mood for this type of movie , you'd be much better off going out and renting some classic film noir . 
it seems like i'm reviewing cheeseball horror movies on a monthly basis now . scream revitalized a genre the studios are now intent on burying into the ground again-the serial killers in these new slasher movies have nothing on sony and miramax in the " relentless " department . i still know what you did last summer is a terrible film in many respects , but in the wake of the stupefyingly bad urban legend , it's citizen hook . jennifer love-hewitt reprises her role as buxom teenager julie james-who apparently escaped certain doom at the end of the last movie by . . . waking up . she lives in fear of ben willis , the vengeful fisherman-victim of a hit and run by julie and her pals . paranoid and beat , she accepts a free trip to the bahamas from her friend karla ( norwood ) , winner of the local radio station's 4th of july getaway giveaway . bikini-ready julie invites boyfriend ray ( prinze , jr . ) , who-and here's the movie's biggest mystery-turns her down , but changes his mind and plans to surprise her before take-off . until he gets a roadside visit from captain hell-liner himself , that is . unaware of this and feeling shunned , julie goes on vacation , anyway , with karla , karla's boyfriend ( pfeiffer ) , and will ( matthew settle ) , a real boy-next-door type who's sweet on julie . to make a long story short-i can't believe it took a paragraph to describe the set-up for this gratuitous sequel-the trip is a disaster . not only is it storm season , not only is the desk clerk ( the frighteners' jeffrey combs ) a jerk , not only are the few island residents and our heroic vacationers getting picked off by the resourceful willis one-by-one , but the karaoke machine isn't working properly ! ( you think killing is hard ? try reprogramming a laserdisc so that gloria gaynor's " i will survive " now contains the lyric " i still know what you did last summer ! " ) all is not lost-ray is on his way to save the day , and a helpful witch doctor is saying little prayers for julie and co . this picture is really about breasts : two of them . julie , like a good horror heroine , never does up her shirt to the collar , always wears white in the rain , and keeps sexy underwear on in case of a sudden desire to tan . based on the hormonal charge i got out of the movie , i can't imagine what it was doing to the ten year old boy who sat next to me-he gets jennifer love-hewitt , and my generation got heather langenkamp ! lucky bastard . i didn't like i know what you did last summer and i can't say i liked this continuation any more or less . the pacing in both films is languid-how is it that so much time passes with neither murder nor character development ? i still know what you did last summer has a better sense of humour than the first one , though , and at least it explains away willis's random selection of victims . ( i don't think the hotel maid or the stoner dude had the slightest idea what julie did last summer . ) director cannon ( judge dredd ) is a competent filmmaker but not a particularly imaginative one-if there is a part three ( what on earth would they call it ? ) , and the fun denouement suggests there will be , here's my suggestion : hire a filmmaker with flair , someone who can really energize this stillborn series-someone who won't rely on so many shock notes . and let that person run wild with the camera . ( aside : if blandy [sic] must appear in the next one , try to keep the number of times she says " baby " to a minimum . thanks in advance . ) 
at times , you'd think edtv would be an entertaining film . i mean , who can resist the story of your average joe becomming a celebrity by having his life filmed every minute of every day ? but this average joe , ed perkuny , ( matthew mcconaughay ) , is a sappy , lifeless creation that wanders around , trying to solve everyone's problems and settle his own . mcconaughay is awful , especially because he is trying to pull off his usual hollywood charm with a 3 week beard and torn jeans . frankly , he had more charm in the devestating flop the newton boys . he overacts in every way : his overexaggerant body language , obsession with kissing women every second he gets the chance , and that cliched scene where he loses someone in his life , and drops to his knee and cries . the rest of the cast is very good ; especially martin landau ( as ed's step-father ) , who plays a cute role as the close-to-death old guy that makes all the witty comments . jenna elfman is good , ( but a little overemotional ) ; her main problem is that she keeps getting sucked into bad films , i . e . can't hardly wait , and krippendorf's tribe . woody harrelson , as ed's brother ray , does his usual egg-headed role , with his comic wit as well ( he wrote a book entitled , " my brother pissed on me . " ) elizabeth hurley is perfectly cast as the easy slut , and dennis hopper , in a quick cameo as ed's biological father , is a nice choice ( ironically coming after the role he turned down as christof in the truman show ) . ellen degeneres stood out as the executive who , after awhile , decides the show must not go on much to the opposite of the head exec , rob reiner's opinion . i hate to compare this film to the truman show , but the fact is , i was ashamed to see this movie . it felt that i had dropped from college to kindergarten after seeing truman and ed . edtv had no real wit or genius ; it was typical hollywood . extracting the tv part of the movie , you have the simple plotline : man steals brother's girlfriend , girlfriend leaves town , man gets new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on , slut breaks up with him , real girlfriend comes back , and voila , you have a romance . i got so restless during this movie , i almost walked out . the only reason it doesn't drop below a " c " grade is because of the fine supporting performances . ad2am " i almost lost my nose . . . and i like it . i like breathing through it . " -jack nicholson , chinatown 
this film is worth seeing for those who want to see what mick jagger looks like when sporting an abe lincoln beard . the rock and roller is asked to carry the film as the action antihero of australian legend . . . ned kelly , the so-called robin hood of the aussies . but he fails to be convincing , in my opinion he is better suited to play gene kelly than ned kelly . the film opens to a b/w prologue of ned kelly bravely going to his execution . then it goes to technicolor and ned is seen in what goes for flashback , coming home from jail after a 3-year sentence to see his mom and reacquaint himself with the large kelly family . this scene is set in 1871 . in the background we hear the booming voice of waylon jennings , as he sings shel silverstein's lyrics , which tells -- of ned's hatred for the british rule and hope for ireland to be a republic . ned says a debt must be paid . . . as he hears voices from his dead father , his class-divided country , and his conscience , all telling him to get revenge . so begins ned's romp through australia's outback , seeking justice for all the wrongs his people have suffered . he begins by stealing horses , after complaining about the unfair tax law on horses that stray , which favors the rich landowners . when he's only 20 he forms a gang , causing him to hide the rest of his life from the police , who put a price on his head of two thousand pounds . when ned's mother ( clarissa kaye ) is jailed on a false charge of abetting criminals and sentenced to 3-5 years , ned offers to surrender in exchange for his mother's freedom . when the authorities refuse , the kelly brothers go on a robbing rampage , burning mortgages of the poor found in postal vaults and murdering some soldiers . rampaging through the outback , they gather sympathy among the poor and lower classes , who don't trust the traps ( police ) . spoiler to follow in the next paragraph . in the climax , kelly and his gang plan to ambush a train with british police , but someone kelly trusted tips the police on the train and kelly is trapped in a saloon and captured . ned's brothers commit suicide rather than be taken alive . but kelly's gang escapes , as ned heroically has the police go after only him and his brothers , as they become decoys . this was a flat presentation , hardly touching an emotional button on what all the fuss was about over ned kelly's call for justice . jagger didn't have a prayer in succeeding in this dry script offered by ian jones and tony richardson . the story failed to focus on australia , seemingly a more british film than australian . under richardson's lackluster direction , all jagger seemed to do , was proclaim his innocence and vow revenge , which soon became a shrill cry . if you want to see a better film about ned kelly , catch " mad dog morgan " ( 76 ) , a much truer and more daring version , with dennis hopper giving a much better characterization of ned kelly's madness , something this film could only do in a ho-hum manner . 
i'll bet right now you're just lounging by the pool , humming " i will always love you " and wistfully recalling your candlelight dinners with success . it isn't necessarily over for you : i say you still have enough charm that you could avoid starring in " kevin ! " for at least a few more years . begin by scribbling " the star that burns twice as bright burns half as long " somewhere you'll always see it , perhaps on the fridge door , or on a bedroom mirror with lipstick . you had a heck of a thing going there until you agreed to star in robin hood : prince of thieves , where you were not only upstaged by powerhouses morgan freeman and alan rickman , but christian slater ( ! ) , several dozen tall trees , bows , arrows , and a canoe , too . after dances with wolves and jfk , you decided the world needed more three hour movies , expensive three hour movies , so you starred in and produced wyatt earp ; wyatt earp the man was a boring idiot who made the history books solely due to a general lack of famous wyatts . wyatt earp was so dull a cowboy that he died of natural causes . tombstone was a vastly superior movie based on the same legend , and that featured kurt russell as earp and dana delaney as his girlfriend ! ( she was played by joanna going in your movie-you know , the character known best in wyatt earp as " jew whore " . what were you and lawrence kasdan thinking ? ) now , you're suffering the demise of yet another of your epics , the postman , a film so financially disastrous that it all but eradicated the memory waterworld's and tin cup's mildly lucrative box office takes . the postman is not the worst movie ever made-people in hollywood are quick to forget movies like howard the duck whenever the next bomb comes along . yet it is a ridiculous movie . i suspect you thought you had another braveheart on your hands-why else line up two armies on horesback , all prepared for battle , for the climax of your film ? -but " mailheart " the postman is not . ( i can think of some more appropriate alternate titles : post encounters of the worst kind ; farewell , my salary ; howard the postman ; the postman's never watched twice . . . ) what a brown movie . i hate brown . you love brown . dances with wolves was golden and brown-it looked like an eggo commercial . the postman had me running for a glass of water every two minutes ; would the post-apocalyptic world look this maddeningly bland and dry ? what exactly happened to this desert world , anyway ? did we all become so stupid that we didn't immediately begin rebuilding homes , restaurants , and most importantly , shopping malls , after " the war " ? why did you choose to drive the movie's plot with a dumb group of terrorists who , well , terrorize townfolk across america ? why is it only * they * have ammunition , anyway ? was it really appropriate to cast your daughter as a girl who has a sweet crush on you , the drifter-cum-postman ? why cast english actress olivia williams as an american ? don't you realize that european women can only deliver their big emotional scenes in their native accent ? ( take a look at the less-than-stellar performances of an american-ized nicole kidman or an american-ized minnie driver . ) who could give a damn whether you lived or died at the end of this movie ? if it came down to a fight for leadership between you and the leader of the terrorists , why didn't you do that halfway through the film and save us all a lot of headaches ? why cast will patton as the bad guy ? because you worked with him in no way out ? sure , he's a suitably creepy villain ; know why ? because he's creepy in everything , including armageddon , in which he plays a heroic astronaut who practically slithers into his space suit ! why heroize the most demonic institution in america , the u . s . postal system ? was tom petty supposed to be playing tom petty ? if so , why didn't he look more skeletal ? ( he should have been around 70 years old . ) why , oh why , do i have so many questions ? ( i could ask plenty more . ) shouldn't a three hour running time have provided you enough space to answer everything ? you have one great line in this film , and you deliver it to a mule ! : " the things i like about my ass . . . " i had to wonder . actually , i enjoyed the tone of the opening scenes , a relaxed cynicism , if you'll accept such clunky phrasing-too bad you couldn't resist the temptation to film yet another love letter to your country . ultimately , i'm saying relax . there is no quota , no need for you to make a picture a year . settle down . really question future screenplays before you commit to them . feel free to write back . i know how much you like letters . 
capsule : combine one quart of raiders of the lost ark , a dash of a jackie chan movie ( sans jackie ) , two teaspoons of gun- and swordplay , and a dollop of cgi . simmer for 100 minutes . yields : zilch . the phantom is a depressing and tired retread of so many earlier , better movies that after the fifteen-minute mark i started cataloguing them out loud . it's hard to make a good action-adventure movie that doesn't simply recycle its predecessors , and i've seen movies that even at least did the recycling gracefully . the phantom , allegedly based on the long-running comic of the same name , doesn't even bother to be graceful . it's a stupid and incompetent movie in too many ways to list , but i'll try . the film opens up with a " prelude " sequence that looks like it was slashed to ribbons in the editing and then given a heavy voice-over to compensate for whatever got thrown out . we go from there to a jungle sequence that , i swear to god , recycles the truck-chase scene from raiders of the lost ark note-for-note , possibly even shot-for-shot , right down to the moment where indy wrenched open the door and slung one of the drivers out into the brush -- and then goes on to rip off the rope-bridge scene from " sorcerer " as well ! sorcerer , as you may well remember , was a remake of a french movie , the wages of fear , in which a bunch of lowlifes were paid piles of money to drive a truck loaded with nitro through horrible jungle terrain . both versions of that movie were far more interesting than this flick , but i've got my job to do , so back to the salt mines we go . anyway , the cinematic theft doesn't stop there . or at least the lack of inspiration . there isn't a single thing here we haven't seen , and it's not given to us in a way that remotely evokes our interest . we have ( where's my list ? ) a bad girl , a tough good girl , a secret cave hideaway ( which seems inspired more by dr . no than anything else ) , a boardroom meeting that drips with greed and venality , magical artifacts of terrible power , and cary-hiroyuki tagawa wasted in another stupid role where he gets to wear a fu manchu mustache and sneer a lot and generally humiliate himself . what else is there ? the plot is a waste of time . the sets alternate between big but hokey -- and tiny and still hokey . there are lines in the script that are just begging to be mst3ked -- and i'm sure once mike and the 'bots get the cash , they'll stick it on their sked . the only thing in the movie worth noting is billy zane -- he's a good actor , and he tries very hard , even when the script is sending him down one dead alley of a scene after another . all i can say is that i pray this isn't the beginning of the end for him -- although it sure looks like the final nail in the coffin for the comic-book super-hero movie . 
you know something , christmas is not about presents . it's about over-hyped holiday films with lots of merchandising and product tie-ins . at least that would seem to be the message of " the grinch , " which has been advertised since last christmas and whose logo is currently plastered all over stores . hollywood expects us to ignore this cynical greed as the movie scolds us about losing the true spirit of the season . you know the plot : there's this evil furry green guy called the grinch ( jim carrey ) who lives on a mountain overlooking whoville . down below all the whos are preparing for their whobilation , but the grinch is determined to steal their christmas . the movie is , of course , a live-action version of the beloved children's book , which was previously adapted into a 1966 tv special by looney tunes animator chuck jones . it's rare that a big budget hollywood release is shamed by a thirty-year-old half-hour cartoon , but that's the case when jones' version is compared to ron howard's . the tv grinch hit all the right notes : boris karloff's soft , deep narration ; thurl ravenscroft singing " mr . grinch " ; max the dog weighed down by the gigantic antler tied to his head ; and the grinch's wide , toothless grin . by contrast , the movie hits one sour note after another . first , there are the numerous bad choices that jeffrey price and peter seaman made in padding out the short book into a 105-minute movie . young wide-eyed cindy lou who ( taylor momsen ) is depressed about the misplaced priorities of her parents ( bill irwin and molly shannon ) during the holiday season . she begins to sympathize with the grinch , who turns out to be surprisingly sympathetic . cindy lou discovers that the grinch turned tearfully away from whoville in grammar school when he was publicly humiliated while expressing his love for the prettiest girl in the class , martha may whovier ( played as an adult by christine baranski ) . are we expected to like the grinch , hate the whos , and want him to steal christmas ? the grinch isn't even the villain here ; that role is filled by the corrupt mayor of whoville ( jeffrey tambor ) who was the grinch's rival for martha's affection . not only are the characters needlessly complex , but the once-simple plot becomes so convoluted that the actual theft of christmas seems like an afterthought . the casting choices aren't any better than the screenwriting decisions . jim carrey seems woefully miscast . while his face is so supple that the rubber make-up seems superfluous , carrey brings nothing else to the role . his accent keeps changing ; i assume he was shooting for karloff , but he ends up sounding like a weird slurry of richard nixon , sean connery , and cartman from " south park . " not knowing what else to do during his many scenes alone in the grinch's home , carrey falls back on his stand-up comedy and clowns around ace ventura-style . needless to say , his wise-cracking antics don't quite fit the character of the grinch , who is an embittered loner filled with hate . little taylor momsen brings little to role of cindy lou except big eyes and a cute smile . she would have been fine if cindy lou was limited to her original purpose in the seuss story ( finding " santa " in her living room stealing the tree ) . however , the expanded script makes cindy as important as the grinch , and momsen is not up to the challenge . bottom line : when you're stealing christmas ( movies ) , leave this one behind . 
with his successful books and movies , michael crichton is doing well . with early successes with westworld ( 1973 ) and coma ( 1978 ) , and recent films such as jurassic park ( 1993 ) , his films have been entertaining . however , he seems to taken a wrong turn somewhere with sphere . this $100 million mess by good director barry levison ( disclosure ) is dull , long winded , and a huge disappointment . considering the huge budget , the all star cast , and a story by crichton , sphere is majorly disappointing . the film opens with norman goodman ( hoffman ) , a psychologist who thinks he is visiting an airplane crash to console the survivors . however , when he arrives , he his told by supervisor barnes ( peter coyote ) that he is actually investigating an spacecraft . along with goodman is mathematician harry adams ( jackson ) , biologist beth halperin ( stone ) and ted fielding ( liev schrieber . ) they investigate the spaceship , find a massive sphere inside , meet an alien intelligence called jerry , and basically weird crap happens . unfortunately , something went wrong along the way with sphere . the film starts off entertaining enough , but throughout this very long movie , it just gets sillier and sillier . the film jaunts along from scene to scene , never fully explaining what is going on . the actors and directing don't help , either . hoffman is on autopilot ( and almost seems embarrassed ) throughout the movie , churning out dull lines , and probably wondering what the hell he is doing in this movie . stone is useless , displaying no emotion , and fails to convince the audience that she has any feelings for hoffman . the only person who seems to be having fun in this movie is jackson , who's funny as the mathematician who slowly goes crazy and entering the sphere . but he's hardly in it , and by the end of the film he is just as dull as hoffman and stone . the same goes for peter coyote , who hams it up as the officer , but is then killed off halfway through . the director , barry levinson , who directed the better crichton adaptation disclosure ( 1994 ) messes up with the drama and the action . the drama scenes are , quite frankly , boring , and the action scenes suffer from overkill , with levison throwing the camera all over the place ( much like the godawful speed 2 , 1997 ) the writing doesn't help much , either . although crichton is great with plots , he's terrible with dialogue , and practically every line in sphere is a dud . the speech is too simple , i was hoping it would be a bit more intelligent . practically every line is just stating the obvious . none of it is smart . also , where the hell did the budget go ? the sphere itself is impressive , and there's a few nice special effect shots , but where the $100 million went is anyone's guess . there's a giant squid attack in the picture , but not once does the audience see the squid , even though the film has a massive budget . i assume the picture was trying to build up tension by not showing the squid , and if handled correctly it probably would . but the whole scene is done badly , and i was just hoping we could see the stupid squid . finally , the film has no idea what genre to be . levison can't handle his own plot . it leaps from hokey sci-fi , to horror , and finally the shining/event horizon psychological thriller . and , of course , the film is very much like the abyss ( 1988 ) , although in it's defense , crichton did write sphere before the abyss was released ( and is far superior to this rubbish . ) it's not all that bad though . the plot is all right , there's a few jump scenes ( although nothing very scary ) and there's the occasionally interesting bit . but overall , sphere is a big waste of some fine talent , a lot of money , and a potentially good movie . not really worth seeing . overall rating= review by david wilcock 
call " hush " " stop or my mom will kill . " or " mommy fearest . " or " the hand that robs the cradle . " call it whatever you want , but certainly don't see it unless you're in desperate need of a bad movie-induced chuckle -- " hush " scores so many unintentional guffaws that it almost qualifies as a guilty pleasure . chalk its losses up to frequent stupidity lapses and apparent post-production tinkering ( it was supposed to open about a year ago ) , the latter of which appears to have given " hush " a send-off that's downright infuriating . it's too bad that " hush " is so laughable , because the on-screen talent -- including the pairing of gwyneth paltrow and jessica lange -- is nothing to laugh at . paltrow and johnathon schaech play helen and jackson , a photogenic new york couple on their way to spend christmas vacation at his wealthy , well-to-do family's horse farm/estate kilronan . jackson's mother martha ( lange ) runs kilronan all by herself , and her genteel southern hospitality makes helen feel welcome immediately -- even if her first meeting with martha takes place while helen is in the altogether , caught red-handed after a bedroom romp with her husband-to-be . but it seems that martha's friendly smile masks a much more threatening demeanor ; she's what you'd call someone who loves too much . martha eagerly , deviously wants a grandchild , and then helen will be expendable , as far as she's concerned . if there's one reason to catch " hush , " it's lange . she treats the pedestrian screenplay better than it deserves to be treated , injecting martha ( poorly written though she may be ) with a little empathy to level out the psycho-playing field . when she delves into martha's dark side , predictable cliches -- chain-smoking , staring in mirrors , praying in a confessional to a priest who isn't there , poking a hole in helen's diaphragm so she'll become pregnant ( and she does ) -- abound , but it's moderately entertaining junk because lange is such an interesting actress to watch . veteran performer nina foch is smart and tart as jackson's wheelchair-bound paternal grandmother . the rest of the cast looks ill and uncomfortable , especially paltrow . but can you really blame them ? the character relationships in " hush " hold a certain amount of promise , at least until their psychological impact is blown out of the water by sheer stupidity . idiotic situations ( martha yells at a nearby horse so it will bolt up and knock helen over ) compliment idiotic dialogue ( " why did you yell ? " helen yells back at martha ) , and the film takes the form of one of the shoddier fill in the blank-from-hell flicks ever made . you can see through a great deal of martha's actions and lies from their conception ; why do people who have known this woman for years longer than we have never figure things out ? does nobody communicate or read the newspaper in this town ? if any of her potential victims thought , acted or behaved like normal people , " hush " would be a really short movie . and then there's the climax and ending , which abruptly come when helen starts having contractions after eating some pound cake spiked with a labor-inducing drug normally used on horses . after a really weird chase scene , martha calmly knits in a rocking chair while forcing helen to give birth in a bed all by herself . i won't spoil what happens next except to say that it's contradictory , illogical and ( probably , since i'm no doctor ) medically impossible . the final scene offers no closure , no resolution , no confrontation whatsoever . it's just there , dangling amidst silent displeasure . no one should like this ending , regardless of their feelings on the preceding material . perhaps " hush " 's title is a plea to silence its audience's likely bitter word of mouth while exiting the theater . 
two party guys bob their heads to haddaway's dance hit " what is love ? " while getting themselves into trouble in nightclub after nightclub . it's barely enough to sustain a three-minute _saturday_night_live_ skit , but _snl_ producer lorne michaels , _clueless_ creator amy heckerling , and paramount pictures saw something in the late night television institution's recurring " roxbury guys " sketch that would presumably make a good feature . emphasis on the word " presumably . " _a_night_at_the_roxbury_ takes an already-thin concept and tediously stretches it far beyond the breaking point--and that of viewers' patience levels . the first five minutes or so of _roxbury_ play very much like one of the original " roxbury guys " skits . with " what is love ? " blaring on the soundtrack , the brotherly duo of doug and steve butabi ( chris kattan and will ferrell ) bob their heads , scope out " hotties " at clubs , and then bump a select few with violent pelvic thrusts . there is one crucial difference , however--these guys speak . that little fact has been used as justification for the film's existence , that the butabis' newfound capacity for speech would open up a whole new set of doors for the characters . the doors opened by director john fortenberry and screenwriters steve koren , ferrell , and kattan are new , that's for sure , but they all lead to comic dead ends . there is no story per se , only a loosely structured and linked series of subplots . the brothers literally run into ( or , rather , get run into , as in by car ) richard grieco of _21_jump_street_ fame , and through him they gain entrance into the exclusive roxbury club . there , they meet a hotshot club owner ( chazz palminteri , conspicuously uncredited--can you blame him ? ) , who takes an interest in an idea of theirs . meanwhile , the bros' overbearing father ( dan hedaya ) wants them to stop clubbing . when doug refuses and the dimwitted steve obeys his father , a rift is created between the two . the narrative messiness of _roxbury_ would have been forgivable if all that went on were the slightest bit funny , but virtually none of it is . the assembled press audience mostly sat stonily silent throughout the entire film , with the one big exception being a big laugh near the end . alas , the joke--a rather lazy takeoff on _jerry_maguire_--will only strike a chord with people who have seen that film . granted , a lot of people _have_ seen _jerry_maguire_ , but the fact that the film's best joke is completely dependent on one's familiarity with another film says a lot about _roxbury_'s lack of inspiration . that lack of inspiration can be traced back to the insipid characters themselves . like too many of the skits on the current incarnation of _saturday_night_live_ , " the roxbury guys " is a one-joke sketch that never once suggests that the characters have enough comic life in them to survive outside of the sketch context . after watching one of the " roxbury " skits on snl , this is what you come away with from the characters : they bob their heads to " what is love ? " , bump unsuspecting women , and . . . that's all . after watching _a_night_at_the_roxbury_ , you'll be left with exactly the same . 
i have never been so confused after watching a movie . " meet joe black " is probably one of the most visually satisfying films of this year , with a cinematography , music and cast that will dazzle most of us . at the same time it is probably the most boring and ridiculous experience hat you will have this season . at first you marvel at the elegant direction , graceful cinematography and sensual musical score . then you'll wait for something to happen for half an hour , but when you finally understand what's going on , you'll wonder what are actors such as anthony hopkins , brad pitt and claire forlani are doing in a film like this ? the script is simply a silly and unresolved story , which is artificially stretched into a three hour long motion picture . it feels like an eternity . most of the time it is a pompous soap opera , filled with empty dialogue that the actors deliver in a high pitched voice and " meaningful " winks . the film is based on alberto caesella's play " death takes a holiday " . the story concentrates around bill ( anthony hopkins ) who lives a fulfilled life as a successful business man , but sometimes he wakes up in the middle of the night and hears a voice that is saying " yes " . soon he meets a young elegant gentlemen ( brad pitt ) who introduces himself as " death " . it is bill's time . but death has other plans . it has come down to us simple mortals to find out what it means to be alive . our bill is chosen to be death's guide and in exchange he gets time . bill introduces death as joe black , who immediately becomes the center of everyone's attention . bill's business partners speculate about why joe is constantly at bill's side , lives in his house and resides at his office . that is not all , however . bill's youngest daughter susan ( claire forlani ) falls in love with the mysterious stranger and joe falls in love with her . this relationship is bound to have some serious consequences . it wouldn't be fair to say that this film didn't have some interesting moments , such as the scene where joe is invited to join bill's family for dinner . when joe starts enjoying peanut butter and later falls in love , the experience is somewhat different . it is obvious that a story like this story is very difficult to structure . it's one thing to say : " wouldn't it be fun to have death take human form and come down to earth . . " to create a motion picture out of this is another . four screenwriters have worked on a script that lacks drive and logic . it is overlong and too primitive to pass as a serious film . on the other hand it demonstrates incredible performances and a very decent direction by martin brest ( " scent of a woman " ) . hopkins looks great in any role , and no matter how shallow or hollow it is , he will complete it . his talent and charisma are needed here more than any where else , since it actually saves the film from a complete embarrassment . but pitt is the one that got one of the most difficult roles of recent time . how can you play death in human form ? to me it seems that death and life are not something that can be associated with earthly matters . they are not creatures , but phenomenas . saying that death takes human form would be the same as to suggest that eternity would take human form . handling such a ridiculous task is incredibly difficult and pitt deserves some credit for his work . speaking in a calm , soft voice , portraying death as a lonely , distant and powerful guy that is unfamiliar with practical earthly matters . he looks and acts more like an angel of death , rather than a demon or a red-eyed executioner . claire forlani and others are also fine , stretching their stereotypical characters to their limits . unfortunately their performances are not enough to rescue this film from its self inflicted misery . in other words this is not what i expected from the director of " scent of a woman " . it could ( and should ) be better with such cast and crew . in the end it seems as if they have all been intensively working on a ravishingly looking soap opera . 
if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the success or failure of certain films , i might say that i review movies that don't look particularly good because i'm doing a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it . if that were true , i could put a banner at the top of my site that reads : " shay casey : seeing bad movies so you don't have to . " but i know that's bunk-you're going to see whatever movies you want to no matter what i say . so i have to tell the truth : every once in a while i get a nasty , masochistic urge to see a bad movie . you know the feeling , when you're sick of seeing all these damn academy award contenders and you want to see something you can have a ball trashing mercilessly . sometimes i think that's why anyone goes to see pauly shore movies , ever . admit it : sometimes you like seeing bad movies . so do i . so i saw " supernova . " truth be told , " supernova " wasn't quite as bad as i thought it might be . maybe i just felt sorry for the actors , or maybe i thought it could have been decent if the studio hadn't started tinkering with the director's ( walter hill ) final cut , causing him to want his name removed . maybe i'm becoming a softy . in any case , i didn't find " supernova " as bad as the advance buzz would have me believe . but it's still bad . the film takes place aboard the medical space vessel " nightingale . " the crew includes captain a . j . marley ( robert forster ) , his new second officer nick vanzant ( james spader ) , head medical officer kaela evers ( angela bassett ) , medical technicians yerzy penalosa ( lou diamond phillips ) and danika lund ( robin tunney ) , and computer technician benj sotomejor ( wilson cruz ) . there are some attempts at " characterization , " but all that means is that nick has a shady past involving a drug addiction , which puts kaela on edge , yerzy and danika have a relationship that requires them to make kissy-faces at each other every five minutes , and benj ( apparently gay ) is in love with the computer ( apparently female ) . don't expect any more explanation , because you won't get it . anyway , the crew gets a distress call from a location deep in space to which a failed mining operation had been sent . during the dimension jump ( i think that's what it's called , but don't hold me to it ) , the captain is killed and the man who sent the distress signal ( peter facinelli ) is brought on board . he calls himself troy larson , making him the supposed son of a man kaela once had a relationship with . then a bunch of really predictable stuff starts happening . have you seen " alien ? " have you seen " event horizon " ( a lame movie in its own right ) ? good . then you've seen " supernova . " post-production cuts or not , there is nothing original about this screenplay , and nothing unpredictable either . after all , no one's going to think for a second that troy won't turn out to be a villain . but the bigger problem with " supernova " is that it can' t just stick to the simple plot it's afforded . numerous re-writes ( the script may be credited to three people , but it's a gross underestimate ) have crammed this lean 90-minute film with tons of extraneous plot threads that all remain underdeveloped . was there something about a limping robot shaped like a fighter pilot ? did the ship's computer learn something about humanity ? what was that glowing lava lamp artifact troy brought on board with him ? and just what does the film's title signify , if anything ? as far as i can tell , it refers to a very small plot detail that isn't developed , just like the rest of these unnecessary story elements . character relationships in this film also make very little sense . for some reason , every person in this film keeps having sex . we get an unusually early sex scene between phillips and tunney within the first 10 minutes . bassett and spader's characters start off hating each other . fifteen minutes and one bottle of pear brandy later , they're engaging in some hanky-panky . when troy the creepy stranger shows up on the ship , of course both female crew members will fall in love with him . every single shift in character interaction happens extremely suddenly , which is only one of the many obvious clues to how much this film has been cut . the most prominent example , however , may be the fact that when the film starts , there are no opening credits ! furthermore , the end of the film looks like they took what were originally intended to be the opening credits and spliced them in right before the real end credits . maybe that's why the film's title is mentioned twice during the end credits , right between james spader and robert forster . right after you get over the shock of not being told what movie you're seeing ( lest you decide to walk out upon making that discovery ) , you might notice that the movie seems to have dropped you right in the middle of a scene , with little-to-no introduction to any of the characters or situations . the rest of the movie feels like they skipped over the middle stuff in the character changes ( you know , where they explain things ) and just went from point a to point b . point a : danika is thoroughly enamored of yerzy and is ready to have his baby . point b : tunney is now shagging troy and yerzy is unusually obsessed with the lava lamp thing . doesn't make sense . since i didn't understand anything about these characters' motivations , did i care when troy abruptly starts murdering them one-by-one ( and he does , knocking off three of them in about 10 minutes ) ? not a whit . it's a shame , because this cast contains a lot of talented actors looking for something to do . they don't find it . bassett and spader say every line in the same monotone voice with the same blank expressions on their faces . sexual tension ? more like constipation . maybe they're just embarrassed at having to utter such howlers as " this thing was made by someone more powerful than god and a whole lot less nice . " not that we ever find out who that is , mind you . the climax of their relationship ( taking place in a transport pod ) is probably the film's biggest forehead-slapper . as troy , peter facinelli inhabits the most obvious villain in history that no one ever suspected . he' s awfully one-note , but it's not as if he's given any more notes to work with . the rest of the cast does even less . tunney stands around looking cute , then scared . phillips broods . cruz flirts with the computer . then they all die and a star blows up or something , but i really wasn't paying much attention by then . " supernova " is pretty awful , but i'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got . that's it . if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you'll probably hate it more than i will . even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you haven' t seen before , and suffice to say the script isn't going to save the film . honestly , though , what do you expect from a film with about a dozen writers and a director who had his name removed and replaced with a pseudonym ? it usually results in a bad movie , and that's what " supernova " is . 
so ask yourself what " 8mm " ( " eight millimeter " ) is really all about . is it about a wholesome surveillance man who loses sight of his values after becoming enmeshed in the seedy , sleazy underworld of hardcore pornography ? is it about the business itself , how , bubbling just beneath the surface of big-town americana , there's a sordid world of sick and depraved people who won't necessarily stop short of murder in order to satisfy their sick and twisted desires ? or is it about those who can , those who are in a position to influence the making of the kinds of films sick and demented people want to see ? i'm not talking about snuff films , supposed " documentaries " of victims being brutalized and killed on camera . i'm talking about films like " 8mm " and its director , joel schumacher . with a recent run of big budget movies to his credit-- " batman & robin , " " a time to kill , " " batman forever , " " the client " --schumacher certainly has that kind of influence . is " 8mm " something you really want to see ? probably not . the first two-thirds of " 8mm " unwind as a fairly conventional missing persons drama , albeit with a particularly unsavory core . then , as it's been threatening all along , the film explodes into violence . and just when you think it's finally over , schumacher tags on a ridiculous self-righteous finale that drags the whole unpleasant experience down even further . trust me . there are better ways to waste two hours of your life . nicolas ' " snake eyes " ' cage plays private investigator tom welles who is hired by a wealthy philadelphia widow to determine whether a reel of film found in her late husband's safe documents a young girl's murder . welles goes about his assignment rather matter-of-factly , and the pieces of the puzzle fall into place rather neatly , almost as if you don't need any specialized skills or training to do this . welles certainly makes it look easy . and cops , obviously , never look in toilet tanks for clues . the deeper welles digs into his investigation the more obsessed he becomes , like george c . scott in paul schrader's " hardcore . " occasionally , a little flickering sound whirs in his head like sprockets winding through a film projector , reminding him of his unpleasant task . there are hints that this is taking its toll on his lovely wife , played by catherine keener , who is frustrated by her husband spending all of his time in cleveland rather than in their ugly split-level home in harrisburg , pa . " 8mm " doesn't condemn or condone its subject matter , it just exploits it . the irony , of course , is that schumacher and " seven " scribe andrew kevin walker's vision of life in the snuff lane is limited by what they can show in an r-rated , first-run hollywood product . so we only see snippets of snuff , and a lot more footage of nicolas cage covering his face in horror . later it's the turn of joaquin phoenix ( who's quite good and by far the film's most interesting character as adult bookstore flunky max california ) to cover his face as the horrid thing is screened over and over again . all this to get to the familiar yet offensive " revelation " that sexual deviants are not , indeed , monsters but everyday people like you and me . neither super nor standard , " 8mm " is shocking only in its banality . 
the crown jewel of 1970's irwin allen disaster movies , the poseidon adventure features an all-star cast including gene hackman and ernest borgnine spouting some of the most laughable dramatic dialogue in movie history while trapped on a cruise ship . the story begins on the u . s . s . poseidon's big new year's cruise , where we are introduced to the ensemble of people who will soon be the only passengers left alive . let's see , there's the new age preacher ( hackman ) who advises people to " pray to that part of god within yourself . " there's the ex-cop ( borgnine ) who busted a hooker ( stella stevens ) six times -- then married her . there's the hippie singer ( " there's got to be a morning after . . . " ) who turns to the company of a lonely man ( red buttons ) once her brother is killed . and to round out the group : the elderly couple ( jack albertson and shelley winters ) who live aboard the ship , the beautiful teenage girl and her brother who are sailing alone and adventurous scotsman roddy mcdowall . we get to know these people a little too well in the first thirty minutes of the poseidon adventure , before straight- faced ship captain leslie nielson looks in horror at the giant tidal wave headed right for the ship . everyone's in the giant ballroom at the time , shortly past midnight of the new year , when the ship turns first on its side , then completely upside down . the second- in-command wants everyone to wait in the ballroom until help arrives , but rebel hackman leads his small band of followers on a quest to the top of the ship . in this case , because the ship is overturned , the top is the bottom . or is the bottom the top ? either way , we get to see a lot of bottoms because the two beautiful women in the crew are both conveniently wearing hot pants during the scenes where the camera shoots upwards while they climb up ladders and -- in the ballroom scene -- christmas trees . thus begins an hour or more of hushed trips down long corridors , through burning rooms , etc . while the ship slowly fills with water behind them . it's a race against the clock which is only mildly interesting . the poseidon adventure works more as a bad movie to laugh at , with all the melodrama that comes in-between the non-thrilling action scenes . the one note in borgnine's one-note performance is to be a cranky old man that argues with hackman every step of the way while buttons and the hippie fall in love ( although since there isn't a sex scene , we never find out if his buttons really are red ) and albertson and winters wonder if they'll live to see their grandson's birth . shelley winters provides the most hilarious scene in the movie in a scene toward the end , where water has flooded the next two rooms of the ship and hackman is preparing to dive under with a rope for the rest of them to pull along . winters , who has been the whiny fat woman throughout the movie ( stevens even not-so- affectionately calls her " fatass " in one scene ) , finally finds her purpose . " i was the underwater swimming champ of new york three years running when i was seventeen , " she brags , and before hackman can even ask her how she could be seventeen for three years , she's swimming through the water , her skirt billowing up around her hips , showing off her cellulite ( or do you call it shellulite ? ) ridden thighs . it's not so much funny as innately disgusting , which pretty much sums up the poseidon adventure as a whole . 
in the past , tim burton has taken cinema by storm with the action packed batman , and the hilarious ed wood , but lately his films just don't cut it . sleepy hollow has some unique features , but the script is a terrible mess . for those who remember disney's fantastic " adventures of ichabod crane " , it is actually superior to this . disney's version was at least interesting , while burton's film drags on far too long , without any suspense or frights . while the stories are similar , the new version adds too much to the once likable story , and throws in some weak dialogue to top it off . ichabod crane ( johnny depp ) is now apparently a constable , who was sent to new york to investigate suspicious murders . the victims are headless , and no traces of evidence were found , until the murderer reveals himself , hence the headless horseman . now with the help of christina ricci and an orphaned boy , they must stop the headless horseman from a killing spree , that could destroy the whole town of sleepy hollow . sure the headless horseman is an intriguing character , but the story has so many holes that even he nor depp can save this disaster . in the original , the headless horseman was meant to be unstoppable . no one could stop him , not even ichabod . by the end of the film , it had audiences in deep thought . burton however concentrates far too much on the atmosphere , and how to make the main characters heroes . he takes no risk what so ever , and this is where he fails . another pathetic element of the film was the script . like i said earlier , he just stuffed too much in at one time , and made it look real sloppy , kind of like the mess the headless horseman made with his victims . he completely butchered the story to pieces . thankfully there are a few factors that i particularly liked . the acting by depp was quite notable . he took the nerdy character of the cartoon , and simply acted it out in a better manner . if it wasn't for his quirky one-liners , i doubt i could have remained awake , because quite frankly i was getting sleepy . just when i thought christina ricci was getting to be a good actress , she winds up doing this . it just goes to show no actress or actor can pass up a big blockbuster . it's too tempting to let go , even if the script is mush . the atmosphere too was quite involving . i should have just gazed at the sets , and the eerie fog , rather than actually pay attention to what was going on . at least burton's films are eye candy , even if they are trash . the only real scenes of value were the tree full of heads , and the fight between the horseman , depp and casper van dien . other than that , i wish i could just fast forward through all the gaping holes in the film , and just sit back and stare at the scenery . by the end , i can only think back and laugh at how bad sleepy hollow developed . this is the biggest disappointment of the year , especially when such a talented director like burton handles a project like this . don't waste your time or money , because your head will feel hollow . 
every now and then , reviewers are faced with the films that are hard to be properly reviewed . most of the time it happens with films that leave so overwhelming impact , either good or bad , that in the end reviewers must work hard to express his thoughts or feelings . but , sometimes it can happen for rather trivial reasons . i love trouble happened to be one of such occasions for the author of this review . the impression left by the film wasn't overwhelming - on the contrary , there were hardly any impression at all , since i had real trouble keeping myself awake while watching it . which surprise me to this day , because the movie theatre was full , i was close to sound speakers , the show wasn't late and i didn't lack sleep before the show . such things happen very rarely to me , and , after many years , the closest thing to solution to this mystery is probably the quality of the film itself . the plot revolves around two rival chicago reporters - old peter brackett ( nick nolte ) and young , aspiring sabrina peterson ( julia roberts ) . two of them are assigned to cover the train collision . as soon as they meet , they start scooping each other , but during the process they both discover sinister plot involving cancerogenic milk , and also the romantic feelings they have for each other . the plot in this film is rather secondary to its real raison d' ? tre - romantic pairing reminiscent of classical screwball comedies starring spencer tracy and katharine hepburn . movie author , director and screenwriter charles shyer , who had some experiences with turning the screwball spirit into modern setting with father of the bride , tries again , this time pairing old nick nolte with young julia roberts . however , although there is some chemistry between the two , soon it stops to arouse any interest . it probably happens due to poorly executed genre mix , that collides light-hearted romantic comedy with rather uninteresting plot suitable to pure action thrillers . shyer as director fails to make the proper transition between the two , and fails in both areas , making the story cliched and predictable . the end result is rather forgettable effort , which convinced me not to watch movie again . i'll give it the benefit of the doubt , though . 
plot : a rich psychiatrist with a great home life gets his cute daughter kidnapped by some bad guys who want him to extract some information from the mind of one of his nutty patients . of course , the patient is not cooperative and the doctor only has a few hours to comply with their demands , before they kill his daughter . pretty good premise , no ? critique : if you're not a fan of movies packed with plot holes , inconsistencies and yes , even more plot holes , heed my words and skip this hollow thriller . and i don't like saying that either , since this film actually had some potential and started off pretty well . sure , the story is basically just an amalgamation of ransom , primal fear and nick of time pureed into one , but the whole " psychiatrist working against the clock " thing , actually had me engaged at first . but it's at about the halfway mark of this movie , that the bottom drops out and all that we're left with are a lot of questions and very few plausible answers . we get the overly smart kid who manages to " pull one " over on the bad guys . we get a weak woman with her leg in a cast beating the crap out of a tough bad guy . we get douglas' character , a new york uppedity psychiatrist , suddenly turning into an action hero , with moves and attitude to boot . and what about the film's main plot point ? why would the bad guys still give a crap about this thing after 10 years , and even more so , why would they only give the shrink until the day's end to do his part ? ( you waited 10 years , what's another few days ? - or why not set up another heist instead ? ) . i'll tell you why , it's because we wouldn't have a ( bad ) movie otherwise , that's why ! and many , many more . ugh , whatever the case , it was just about the time that douglas' character suddenly removed murphy's character from the mental home ( and how come she went with him so nicely ? i thought she didn't trust him ) , that i turned to my buddy and asked when the movie had turned into a joke . and a few bogus chase and action sequences later , we were left with a long-winded ending that did little to answer any other questions i might've still had , and actually brought up even more contradictions . badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone . in fact , if it wasn't for brittany murphy's excellent portrayal of a traumatized teen , jennifer esposito's embarrassing performance as a police woman ( yeah , right ! watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- but it wasn't supposed to be ) and michael douglas' cool " regular guy " part , there would be little reason to remain seated until the end of this picture . incidentally , can anyone please give me one good reason why esposito's character was in this movie in the first place ? she was completely superfluous . and on top of all that , by the end of this flick , the director seems to have realized how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he'd been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior , and decides to add insult to injury by flashing back to an earlier character's death when one of the bad guys dies , just so we know ( as an audience ) , that the two are interrelated somehow . ooooh , thanks , mr . fleder . . . i appreciate the spoon-feeding , dude . . . yum , yum . . . but how about explaining every other plot point in your film that made no sense ? whatever . either way , i don't give a rat's ass because this movie is a dog and that's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it . see it if you like dumb thrillers . incidentally , if you appreciated along came a spider , you will likely enjoy this film as well . they both start off with interesting premises , only to toss all logic and sense out the window about halfway through . where's joblo coming from ? along came a spider ( 4/10 ) - girl , interrupted ( 5/10 ) - kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) - primal fear ( 7/10 ) -- seven ( 10/10 ) 
capsule : a ham-handed and over/underwritten morality play masquerading as entertainment , so muddled it doesn't even know what it's really advocating , if anything . a time to kill has been hailed as the best of the grisham adaptations , and it's easy to see why : it presents a strong , almost rancorously so , story ; it is full of good actors ( samuel l . jackson , matthew mcconaughey , sandra bullock , kevin spacey , charles dutton ) ; and it's ostensibly about some important social issue that we're all tangling with . it is not , however , a good movie , and all of the reasons i've listed above have something to do with why . right from the beginning , the movie is dead-set on stacking its deck as thoroughly and unrepentantly as possible . a pair of redneck whites , boozed and drugged out of their minds , kidnap a young black girl , abuse and rape her horribly , and leave her for dead . after their arrest , their father ( jackson ) takes an assault rifle and guns them down on the way to trial . mcconaughey is then drafted in as his lawyer , and the rest is somehow strangely predictable courtoom movie dramatics . the acting is not quite what it should be , given the cast we have . sandra bullock ( who is a good actress but not a serious one ) looks clueless ; spacey's accent switches itself on and off at random ( and he's given a totally thankless role to play as well , a role without an iota of depth ) ; and mcconaughey's role is stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal box . the most memorable role is donald sutherland's , and his is a bit part . i always consider it an index of a movie's desperation when it is able to present shocking and outlandish events , and somehow not have them generate an ounce of impact . there is one scene -- a riot outside the courtroom -- that should have created incredible tension , but winds up playing out like a textbook exercise on how not to deploy a scene like this . because the movie doesn't know what it's really about , it * can't * generate any genuine tension , and so it has to artifically inject tension through clumsy plotting . one of the ways it does this is by throwing in a whole subplot about a bunch of vicious kkk cross-burners -- which is tidied up so neatly that it borders on the nihilistic . i was reminded of the despicable betrayed , which tried to tart up a fundamentally empty story by injecting vile , graphic acts of racism as little more than an attention-getter . the movie immolates an enormous amount of its potential by making a few critical mistakes . first of all , the jackson character is not hard to judge ; there's no tension in his dilemma . he's self-admittedly guilty and should be sent to jail , no matter how moral his crusade . the old saw about how no court in the land would convict him , if he was white , is supposed to be the underlying theme of the movie , but it's never developed into an organic component of the story . it just sort of floats around on top while the movie grinds away furiously with its plot mechanics . another mistake is in motivational logic : by not having the two white thugs arraigned first -- or maybe tried and then dismissed from lack of evidence , say -- we have that much less empathy for jackson's character . i'm probably supposed to think that just because he had his daughter raped , we are * automatically * supposed to feel empathy for him , but that's precisely the kind of facile thinking that makes real justice impossible . ( see the virgin spring for more on that note . ) is jackson's character then simply insane ? that prospect isn't given terribly serious treatment either . one of the most aggravating things about coutroom movies is how little they seem to know about how the law works , or how lawyers get their information . mcconaughey's character makes an important slipup late in the movie , when one of his witnesses turns out to have been convicted of a capital offense . how did the prosecution get this information ? how come he didn't get it ? the whole way these questions get handled are symptomatic of the movie's way of dealing with complex legal and moral questions in cheap screenwriterly slam-bang fashion . this is the biggest problem : the movie isn't about jackson's character , or his dilemma , or this case , or any of its ( frequently interesting despite the porcine writing and direction ) characters . it's not ultimately about anything at all , except its stupid geared-down plot , which inches onwards in one unremarkable scene after another towards a totally contrived ending . at two and a half hours , the movie is overlong and drastically overwritten : there's endless stuff about things which ultimately add up to nothing , and no writing about the material that should really matter . it's all handwaving . the closing argument are also sneaky and underhanded , and underscored my suspicion that the movie is manipulative and unfair . it's not easy to make a movie about something . the other day i saw kurosawa's phenomenal rashomon , a movie that is really about the way people deal with truth and reality ( or don't ) . a time to kill is as empty and ponderous a movie as i've seen in a long time . 
" . . . because i'm a scientist . that's what we do ! " --- dr . alexander mccabe ( bob gunton ) , in response to why he created evil bats . alright folks , stop me if you've heard this one : genetically altered animals wreak havoc on a town and a small band of locals , assisted by a specialist in the particular animal's field , must team up to stop the mutant creatures before they can multiply and spread across the earth . oh yeah , the military is on their way to bomb the town as well , so they are running short on time . sound familiar ? such is the plot of the destination films release of bats . dina meyer stars as the " bat specialist " sheila , who is pulled from her research ( along with her annoying sidekick , played with irritating deftness by leon ) in order to help a small texas town figure out why some local citizens and animals have been chewed to death recently . with the help of the local sheriff ( lou diamond phillips ) , a cdc official ( carlos jacott ) , and a scientist ( bob gunton ) , sheila discovers it is indeed bats ( who have been genetically altered by gunton's character to be more aggressive and omnivorous , in order to be used as a military weapon ! ) . i have to say here that i knew exactly what i was getting into going into this film . there's not a frame of promotional footage i have seen for the film that would have led me to believe it was going to be any good . in this respect , the film never disappointed me . this film reaches a level that transcends the " so bad it's good " level and borders on the downright insane . the effects are awful , the script is contrived , and for most of the feature i was laughing at things that were supposed to be taken seriously ( i think ) . i challenge anyone to sit through the scene , where a bat stalks a baby in a crib while another bat terrorizes a patron eating at a diner , with a straight face . thankfully , the performances are as good as they can be considering the material the actors had to perform with . dina meyer has always been the highlight of any of the films she has been in ( johnny mnemonic , dragonheart , and starship troopers . . . the latter being the only film out of that batch with any actual merit ) , and this one is no exception . while one never really gets the impression that meyer's character could be a bat expert in reality , one never really cares to doubt it either . she gives as good a performance as could be expected , plus she's nice to look at for an hour and a half . lou diamond phillips is also serviceable here , as the small town sheriff turned eventual hero . although when we first meet his character he knows bats are the reason for what's going on in town , for some reason later on he suddenly becomes amazed to learn that the actual cause of the deaths in town are because of bats . the only bad performance in the film is that of leon's . he is relegated to the " i'm not sticking around here ! " character and proceeds to repeat variations of that line for the majority of the film even though he stays . anyone who can't immediately tell that bob gunton ( the bad guy in patch adams and countless other films ) is going to eventually turn on the gang and side with his creations before his eminent death will probably be surprised , but i highly doubt it . even if he hadn't been the villain in just about every film he's ever been in , so many obvious hints are given to indicate the devious act that it holds no shock whatsoever . in fact , his death is welcome , because it finally starts moving the plot towards the finale . if the plot doesn't sound ridiculous to you yet , then check out these little tidbits : a multitude of bats inexplicably disperses when a police officer cocks his pistol . an entire town disregards the sheriff and doctor's orders to stay indoors after a curfew is instigated , causing mass hysteria when the bats come out in full force , killing several townsfolk . a government official blows off shelia's instructions ( to wait until dawn to install a cooling unit in the bats' cave that will kill all of them off ) by pulling a night job , resulting in the death of an entire military unit . a cavern full of bat feces never ignites when a phosphorus flare is lit right in the middle of it . finally , to top it all off , this little texas town is showing nosferatu in it's single screen theater ( for reference , our town has over a million people in it with nearly 150 movie screens , and we're lucky to even get kevin smith's dogma ) . the most laughable part of the movie though comes from the ill-conceived bat puppets . while the actual bat attack scenes are shot with rapid fire editing ( making the scenes nearly impossible to comprehend what's going on ) , the scenes where a bat is called upon to interact with a live actor are usually shot more low-key . therefore we the audience get loving close-ups of the most unrealistic , rubbery bat puppets ever committed to film . being able to see the puppeteer's arms would be the only things that could have made these creations worse . after all of this , if you still decide bats might be the movie for you , don't say you haven't been warned . trust me when i say that it's a lot more fun to trash than it is to sit through . i just wish that dina meyer would be cast in more roles or at least choose better films to appear in . she's definitely a talent that is going to waste in films like these . 
a number of critics have decided that it's open season on freddie prize jr . , slamming the young actor as an utterly talentless pretty boy on career cruise control in sound-alike , disposable teen fluff like " head over heels , " " boys and girls , " " down to you " and " she's all that . " while the prinze oeuvre is hard to defend , his talent is not . i first saw him in the independent dark comedy " the house of yes , " where he gave a subtle , impressive performance as the younger brother in one of america's freakiest families . prinze has the acting chops ; he just needs to take a few supporting roles in some grown-up movies to show the non-believers that he has what it takes . " summer catch " certainly won't help his case . inoffensive , but utterly generic , the baseball-related romantic comedy does little more than kill time . the story deals with the love affair between tenley ( jessica biel ) , a wealthy cape cod girl and ryan ( prinze ) , a local boy from a working class family who dreams of becoming a big-time baseball star . ryan's preoccupation with his new honey-bunny drives her elitist father ( bruce davison ) crazy and endangers his position as pitcher with a cape cod summer league team . it's a wonder the kid has any time to pitch , as his time is occupied with making out with tenley , fighting with her dad , bonding with his own dad ( fred ward , who deserves better than this ) , fighting with his brother ( jason gedrick ) and carousing at a neighborhood bar with his teammates . the filmmakers desperately want to make a quirky , character-heavy baseball movie like " bull durham , " but haven't got a clue how to get there . and so they glide from one clich ? to the next for 108 minutes . the only bit of originality comes from marc blucas in a minor role as a center-fielder from texas . in an early barroom scene , blucas , best known as demon-fighting riley finn from " buffy the vampire slayer , " hears a young woman compliment a guy on his ass , then turns to teammate matthew lillard and states , " he does have a nice ass . a bubble butt . " when lillard gives him an " are you insane ? " look , blucas calmly says , " it's nothing sexual , " then goes on to evaluate the hind-ends of some other players , including lillard's . speaking of asses , prinze does not bare his in the movie . the actor has a no nudity clause in his contract , so two stunt-butts were employed for a couple of semi-nude shots . blucas , whose character secretly dates a large woman throughout the story , gets another unique moment late in the film . sick of hearing teammates make " fat chick " jokes , he climbs on top of a table and loudly declares his love of amply-sized ladies . while his speech still ends up objectifying women , it remains a nice change of pace in a numbingly ordinary movie . trivial tidbit : " summer catch " marks a scooby doo summit . marc blucas appears in " jay and silent bob strike back " as fred from the scooby doo gang , while freddie prinze jr . plays the same character in the upcoming big budget film version of the old cartoon . 
disillusioned and trying to find the spice of life , richard ( leonardo dicaprio ) sets off for thailand . there he a meets crazed man by the name of daffy ( robert carlyle ) who gives him a map to a beach , a secret utopia , then commits suicide . richard sets off for this beach with his neighbors from this hotel , ? tienne ( guillaume canet ) and fran ? oise ( virginie ledoyen ) . once they get there the three discover a secret society existing on this beach , there richard falls for fran ? oise . this covers about half to two thirds of the movie and aside from the romantic element , which is solely a creation of hollywood , seems to hold to the original novel . the cinematography and general beauty of this part of the movie is breathtaking . i don't think anyone can argue that this movie is visually stunning . but that is were many things go wrong , darius khondji has totally outdone himself in doing the cinematography . though the script and the interpretation of the novel are quite lacking . the plot of the movie moves along at a decent pace for about half of the movie or there abouts . this is where the movie has some great potential , then the three travelers get the island and there is a turn for the better , yes folks i said better . now up to about two thirds of this movie its actually pretty good , nothing spectacular aside from the cinematography but it still has promise . this is where things start to degenerate to something that becomes almost un-watchable . there is even a 'video game' style sequence that borders on the disgusting , it doesn't make sense for the movie and just looks dumb in my opinion ( and i am hoping many other peoples ) . i am hoping that in my little rant i've made it abundantly clear that the movie is lacking quite seriously in plot and uneven pacing , so if you go see it and you don't like it because of this don't blame me . the character development was not up to par either ; i found the character of richard to be nothing more than a spoiled child . although there is a feeble attempt to make this whole story profound it fails and richard ( leo's character ) comes off as a wannabe philosopher . the character seems to be underdeveloped from the get go and seems to just do things for no apparent reason , granted some people are like this ( myself included ) but i nor anyone i know that is fairly random would ever do things of the sort this character does . the next point is that some of the really interesting characters are simply not developed enough . richard is obviously obsessed by fran ? oise at the early stages of the story , yet there is actually very little development along this story line . this i am sure contributes to the movie's lack of core plot and being unfocused . now , i shall move onto something a little better about the movie ( for all you cynics out there the movie did have a few good things about it ) . the cast and acting was passable at the very least , and i think that leonardo dicaprio actually did pretty well in the role of richard . mind you i think the rest of the cast that had some which had reasonably sized roles did equally well if not better . which begs the question why is leonardo paid so much ? ( i think this is a topic all on its own so i won't get into it ) . but i like the fact that there was an international cast used , had only and american cast been used i can see this movie being horrible . the international flavor added a more global feel to the movie that made it that much more bearable . not to mention the movie is set in thailand and a global cast makes more sense . when all is said and done i liked the movie for the most part but the gaping inadequacies of the plot are unforgivable . i would not recommend this movie to anyone , the fact that i liked it has a lot to do with the cinematography and the sheer beauty of the movie not its plot or story . as it is the story tries to be much too philosophical and fails at its attempt . if you do end up going to see this movie be forewarned about its shortcomings . 
this talky , terribly-plotted thriller stars alec baldwin as dave robicheaux , an ex-new orleans cop who gets ensnared in a murder- mystery after a light-plane crashes into the bayou beside his fishing boat . he and his wife annie ( kelly lynch ) rescue a little salvadorian girl ( samantha lagpacan ) from the wreckage and that's when the trouble begins . the other major players include a local drug lord ( eric roberts ) , his scheming wife ( teri hatcher ) , a soused stripper ( mary stuart masterson ) , and a shady dea agent ( vondie curtis hall ) . everyone knows everyone else and it makes for a collective that's curious but never compelling . based on the book by james lee burke , heaven's prisoners is so badly plotted that entire * scenes * seem to be missing . early on , we have no idea of why dave and annie keep the child to themselves . nor how they eluded both the coast guard and the faa . later , dave is reunited with a drug-abuser who appears seemingly clean and sober and without any explanation . huh ? the whole movie is like this , perhaps the result of some unkind cuts that happened during the eighteen months that the film sat on the shelf . whatever the reason , somebody should tell director phil joanou ( final analysis ) to recut this mess . in its present form , heaven's prisoners runs only two hours plus change , but it feels like four . 
the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " . so i didn't expect too much from this . but i had preserved a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre . i thought : liam neeson , cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont . i thought , mabe it will be fun ? and in fact the beginning was rather intriguing . but by the end of it i thought : why liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones , jan de bont ? . these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality . here is the story : in the monstrously over-decorated mansion known as hill house , visitors are tricked by an unknown doctor ( liam neeson ) into being guinea pigs in a fright experiment under the guise of an insomnia investigation . among them is a sophisticated bisexual ( cathrine zeta jones ) , a cynical dope ( owen wilson ) and a gentle and emotional lady ( lily taylor ) . actually , the doctor is researching the " primordial fear reaction " and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and watch what happens . but he gets unexpected help from the house itself . it rumbles , hums and belches forth remarkable sights . portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs . a fireplace guarded by stone lions gapes like a sinister mouth . filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy curtains . but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen . the second half of the film is basically about the main heroine running back and forth from the sinister lamps and evil furniture . is that exciting or what ? the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad . it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson . a 1963 adaptation of the book was scary and intelligent . it played with the greatest fears of our sub conscience . " the blair witch project " , that cost less than an old car , managed to shock and terrify the audiences from their senses . and with a $70 mill . budget , de bont and screenwriter david self make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of terror . de bont has a style of filmmaking so out of line with the material that it is , in itself , frightening . he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush . but why give him a more serious material ? in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont's career as a director . yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad . the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky . but this is where the good things end . the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life . it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage . at first you do not know what's going on . is this part of the experiment ? are these hallucinations ? projections of the subconscience ? paranoia ? but in the end it shows out that this is actually happening . the house is actually possessed . it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ? i believe hichock once said that " it's better to wait for a climax , than to see one " . this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . they are impossible to take seriously . any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless . " shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality . " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " . 
" mercury rising " has numerous flaws , but there is one that really stands out : its central plot device is unnecessary . that's right . the major aspect of the film , that which is supposed to make it different from other routine government conspiracy / action flicks could be dropped from the beginning , and the movie would turn out exactly the same , if not better . this central device is the fact that a nine-year-old boy is autistic . his name is simon , and an evil government bureaucrat named nicholas kudrow ( alec baldwin ) wants him dead because he unknowingly cracked a supersecret government code slipped into the back of a puzzle magazine by its programmers just to see if someone could beat it . simon is intended to be the heart and soul of the film , and we are supposed to feel for him because he is a poor handicapped child thrown into a violent , unfair world against his will , with only a renegade fbi agent played by bruce willis to protect him . the fact that he is autistic does nothing for the emotional intensity or the plot necessities of " mercury rising . " i suppose the original novel upon which the movie was based did much more with this aspect of simon's character and his relationship with willis , but here it is lost . miko hughes , the young actor who plays simon , goes through the prescribed motions of being autistic : he walks slowly , drawls his words , kicks and screams when he's touched , and has a hard time looking at other people . it's a difficult role for an adult , much less a young child , to play , and unfortunately hughes never convinces us that he isn't playing like he's autistic . unlike dustin hoffman's performance in " rain man " or leonardo dicaprio's in " what's eating gilbert grape , " we are always painfully aware that hughes is acting . however , unlike " rain man " which used its character's autism in unique and interesting ways to build a credible and touching story , " mercury rising " could go right about its generic , predictable plot with simon being simply a really smart but really shy kid . hell , he doesn't even have to be shy . in fact , the movie might have been more interesting if he had had a more active role , rather than just being carted around under willis' arm . willis' character , art jeffries , is a disillusioned fbi agent who has been removed from undercover work and is now doing menial tasks like listening to wiretaps with rookies who are happy to be doing anything . he becomes involved with simon when he is called to check out a murder scene at simon's house , where his father has apparently shot his mother in the back and then committed suicide . of course , we know that isn't the way it happened happen because we saw an evil , square-jawed government hitman with a mean-looking crew-cut knock off the parents . simon was able to get away , and jeffries finds him hiding in a secret compartment in a closet , which the rest of the chicago police department had overlooked . jeffries -- who is accused by several characters at different times of being paranoid although his actions never suggest it -- knows there is something more , and he makes it his personal mission to go against everything and everyone in order to protect simon . this is quite a task because that same hitman who knocked off simon's parents is crawling everywhere , attempting to kill simon at the hospital , on the highway , and every other place he goes . late in the movie , jeffries is forced to enlist the aid of a pretty young woman named stacey ( kim dickens ) who he meets at a coffee shop . of all the hard-to-believe aspects of the movie , this is the worst . i can believe in the decency of the human heart , but stacey's character is far too accommodating . not only does she agree to watch simon while jeffries runs off to solve the mystery , she lets him into her apartment at two o'clock in the morning when she knows the police is after him , and then lets him leave simon in her apartment which means that she has to forgo a business trip that is desperately needed to pay the rent . the grinding squeals of the rusty plot machine are almost overbearing at this point . the movie might have been redeemed by some good action sequences , but even here " mercury rising " doesn't rise to the challenge . the movie was directed by harold becker , who has made some good suspense films including " sea of love " ( 1989 ) and " malice " ( 1993 ) , but his talent is nowhere to be found in this latest excursion . there is one fight on a streetcar between jeffries and another hitman ( played by peter stormare ) that is so ineptly directed , shot and edited , that i had no idea 1 ) exactly where they were on the streetcar , 2 ) who was hitting who , and 3 ) where this hitman came from and how he knew where jeffries and simon were . the grand finale takes place on the roof of a tall building , and features a harrowing ( yawn ) scene where simon walks along the very edge of the building , not because he has to , but because it's more suspenseful that way . taken as a whole , " mercury rising " is an tepid , confused movie that lacks style , wit , and any traces of a sense of humor . usually willis brings his personal brand of understated humor to his roles , but here he is too straight and serious . this is because the movie wants to be an action flick and a heartfelt drama at the same time , but it ends up failing on both fronts . maybe the book was better , but the way it's handled here is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to bore . 
my inner flag was at half-mast last year when nick at nite pulled " dragnet " reruns off the air . sure , i'd seen them all at least once , but i could always count on at least a few inadvertent laughs from ultra-serious jack webb when there was nothing else on tv . even though " dragnet " is out of circulation at the moment , we webb anti-fans still have the d . i . , a 50's propaganda piece for the military that is almost as hilarious as the famous " blue boy " episode of " dragnet . " for anyone like me who got laughs out of webb's rapid-fire speeches and straight-faced seriousness , think of the d . i . as what would happen if sgt . joe friday ever enlisted , because he plays exactly the same character here , a no-nonsense old fart who looks with disdain at the younger generation and loves to give long- winded , melodramatic speeches on any topic . in this election year , i'm more convinced than ever that webb and bob dole were separated at birth . the movie opens in characteristic fashion as one recruit after another knocks on webb's office door and enters . he gives each one a different series of cranky criticisms before the credits come up . the " produced and directed by jack webb " card pretty much goes without saying . this is his movie all the way , and after the first twenty minutes of him chewing out his recruits for no reason , i was wondering if there would even be a plot . i certainly would have been entertained by an hour and a half of trademark webb rants , but the d . i . gives us more -- much more . webb's mission is to make a man out of private owens , the local screw-up . the captain gives webb three days to convert owens into marine material or , the captain will " personally cut the lace off his panties and ship him out myself . " ( whether the " lace panties " part refers to webb or owens remains unanswered . ) this , of course , gives webb an excuse to focus all his crotchety energy on making owens' life a living hell . for those of you who haven't been indoctrinated into the pleasures of webb watching , here's a reprint of a typical monologue of his . i can't duplicate his hilarious delivery on paper , but the words should at least partially convey what i'm talking about . . . " now you listen to me , youngster . someday you'll wake up fighting on a beach and you'll pray to god somebody doesn't get killed because of your foolishness . . . i've got a headline for you : every time you make one of those little mistakes of yours , you're gonna turn around and i'll be standing right there . " i couldn't write down all the reprintable dialogue from the d . i . ( nearly all of it belongs in the bad movie hall of fame ) , but i tried to include some of the more noteworthy lines , like one from the scene where webb unwinds from a hard day's work by going to the local bar ( where he orders a tomato juice ) . he meets a woman who , coincidentally , also orders tomato juice but walks away from a typically-stimulating conversation with webb to flirt with his arch-rival , another marine d . i . webb marches over to the table , gets up in her face and says , " just what kind of a dame do you think you are ? " bogart he ain't . the other d . i . gets one of the few memorable non-webb lines when he confesses to the girl , " he's a damn good d . i . . . . i guess i'm just a little jealous . " join the club , we're all jealous of jack webb's way with women , which is showcased even more amusingly in a later scene , as webb finds his way to the woman's place of employment , a lingerie store , and stands around looking incredibly flustered at the negligees on display . " you expect me to talk to you . . . in _here_ ? ! " he exclaims , no doubt intimidated by the barrage of bras . the woman goes off to help a customer , leaving webb to fend for himself once again in this palace of estrogen . a little girl spots him in the store and demands , " what are you doing in here . . . you're a man , aren't you ? " he doesn't reply , but you know he's thinking in his head , " what an odd species of human -- so small . must be one of those children everyone's been talking about . " this poor girl , scarred for life by her early encounter with jack webb , would later swear off the male gender entirely , just one of the many lesbian conversions he's responsible for . the movie doesn't focus too closely on webb's romance , it also continues the owens subplot with probably the most memorable scene in the entire movie , where webb forces his platoon to spend the entire night searching the ground for a flea owens killed during one of their drills . after two privates hatch a scheme to present webb with the wrong dead flea , webb asks owens , " was that flea you killed a male or female ? " owens replies , " a male , sir . " webb yells to the platoon , " this ain't the one ! " that such a scene ( along with the rest of the movie ) was intended to be taken seriously defies comment . but we know it was all presented with the utmost seriousness when a title card at the end thanks the marines not only for their cooperation in the making of the d . i . , but for iwo jima , guadalcanal and every other major battle of the first half of the 20th century . webb held the military in such high esteem that all the soldiers in the movie ( with the exception of owens ) were played by actual marines . someone wanting to parody this movie couldn't do a more comical job than webb did . it makes it all the more ironic ( like raeeyain on your wedding day ) that the man had no sense of humor himself . there's a scene in the movie where the guys are on their break time discussing something and one of them breaks into laughter . webb bursts in the room and shouts , " what did i tell you about laughing ? ! " to which the private replies , " sir , only nine-year-old girls laugh , sir ! " and let me tell you , i was as happy as a nine-year- old girl while watching this movie . 
susan granger's review of " glitter " ( 20th century-fox ) there's less here than meets the eye . or , put it this way , if you thought madonna was awful in " shanghai surprise , " mariah carey's worse in this reworking of " a star is born . " she plays billie frank who , despite being abandoned by her singer/alcoholic mother ( valerie pettiford ) , believes she's destined for greatness because everyone tells her she is . " you've got this amazing gift , and you gotta use it , " her roommate says . " your voice - it's incredible , " says another singer . " i ain't never met anyone like you , " proclaims julian " dice " black ( max beesley ) , the hot new york dj who becomes her svengali-like producer/lover . problem is : her signature song , " i didn't mean to turn you on " is wretched . and when she fumes out of filming her first music video because the director wants to " exploit " her by having her wear a bikini , the audience bursts into laughter . exploit mariah carey , who chooses to wear as little as the law will allow ? come on ! writer kate lanier's script is fatuous and director vondie curtis-hall doesn't have a clue how to handle the glitzy pop diva and , as a result of their incompetence , whispery-voice'd ms . carey seems to be embarrassed on-screen . she almost cringes when the camera comes in for a close-up , pursing her lips and averting her glassy eyes . talented british musician max beesley appears equally inept , and as cinematographer geoffrey simpson pans around the manhattan skyline , there's an audible audience groan when the twin towers of the world trade center come into view . perhaps one of the reasons ms . carey suffered her highly-publicized nervous breakdown this summer is because she saw a preview of this clunker . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " glitter " is a pathetic 1 . right now , it's tops on my list of the worst of 2001 . 
robin williams is a comedic genus . that is , he is one when he's in a film that allows him space to move . " flubber " straps him in a straitjacket , covers him with duct tape , stuffs him in a coat closet and piles furniture against the door to make sure that he doesn't get out . in a re-make of its own 1961 " absent minded professor " , disney offers us proof that more is definitely less . recycling old films ( " that darned cat " , " 101 dalmatians " ) dressed up as new is the newest money machine from the home of the mouse that roared . professor phillip brainard ( williams ) is a terminally forgetful scientist teaching at a small college . his fiancee , sara jean reynolds ( marcia gay harden ) , president of the college is none too happy with him because he's left her waiting at the altar due to his lack of short-term -- and long-term -- memory . she's giving him one more chance . he blows that chance when he invents " flubber " ( flying rubber ) and is so excited by his discovery that sara jean is once again awaiting him in her white dress . his tardiness is helped along by his jealous flying robotic assistant who wants him all to herself . it's not all bad news . flubber is a green jello that can magnify and reflect energy that is applied to it . brainard realizes the commercial potential within the goo can save the school from bankruptcy and being taken over by the town's evil industrialist charles hoenicker ( raymond barry ) . while he's busy with his new breakthrough , the slighted sweetheart is being wooed by his sleazy rival wilson croft ( christopher mcdonald ) . there's a flying car , flubber-enhanced basketball game and an assortment of broken lab equipment : none of which are the least bit interesting or funny . at one point , my son looked around the audience and asked " why are these people laughing ? " although williams turns in one of his least inspired roles , he is easily the most lively of the actors . everyone else comes across as half-asleep . the re-make is successful in that respect . it feels like a bad disney movie from the sixties . i remember the original as being charming , but my guess is that the memory from almost four decades ago has been artificially enhanced by the years . there have been some updates . fred macmurray's flying model t has been replaced by a t-bird . his faithful dog charlie is now " weebo " , the hovering robot . the biggest change is that , with sophisticated computer animation , we now can have films show off special effects without being at all entertaining . flubber is anthropomorphized into a being supposedly with personality . the gloop has little arms and legs and splits into tiny little gloopettes for a big dance number . this has nothing to do with the story . the only possible reason is to create merchandising opportunities so that kids can badger their parents into taking them to mcdonalds for the toys . not that contributing little to the plot is a big problem . there are very few aspects of the film that move the story and those that do don't make sense . the discovery of flubber is going to save the college because brainard can sell his flying car to ford . anyone with half a brain would be able to see that his intelligent flying automaton is worth billions . it's unbelievable that his lover ( well , probably not a lover -- after all this is disney ) starts dating croft after the aborted wedding . there's not one appealing component of this man . after the professor discovers that smearing a golf ball with the gunk causes it to bounce uncontrollably around his lab wreaking havoc , i cringed as he picked up a bowling ball . this guy is beyond forgetful , venturing into the certifiable . co-writer john hughes used to direct light-weight but thoughtful teen films . the care behind " pretty in pink " and " the breakfast club " all went out the window after his " home alone " franchise heated up the box offices . looking much like " home alone 3 1/2 " , " flubber " even features a couple of vapid goons who get banged around and a cute little boy who screams a lot . in some ways , it's difficult to judge this film . i have a suspicion that i'm not it's target audience . after all , i measure my age in two digits . 
the summer of 00' wasn't a very good one for devout cinephiles . it offered no blair witches or sixth senses ; the best big budget hollywood could do was an efficient x-men adaptation and a flawed but entertaining shaft update . nurse betty signals the unofficial end of that dreadful summer movie season and the commencement of a potentially brighter fall movie season , that battery-charging ( at least for critics who have to sit through every piece o' shit that moseys into multiplexes ) time of year when all those oscar contenders ( read : " quality " films ) compete for audiences . alas betty has the dubious distinction of being the first overpraised junk heap of the new season . it's also indie director neil labute's first attempt at something resembling a mainstream picture , and i'm sad to report it's a resounding failure ( at least on this web site ) , a mess that's as hopelessly saccharine as people have accused labute's previous films of being unrelentingly masochistic . i went in expecting something decent , for betty was gleefully praised , it's screenplay even winning an award at cannes , but i exited shaking my noggin in bewilderment . are critics so desperate for something unique that they're blind to how derivative the particular brand of " uniqueness " betty dolls out is ? for the first time labute is working from a script he has not written , and he seems unsure of how to handle the material . betty tries to be hip like pulp fiction ( this is another flick featuring a pair of strangely bright and articulate hit men ) , enchanting like the wizard of oz ( of which this film makes several allusions to ) and heartwarming like [stick in your favorite loveable misfit movie] , but by the end it left me cold with its calculated desperation . it's labute's half hearted attempt to make a crowd pleaser and he doesn't even seem to have half that heart in it . nurse betty concerns a soap opera addict , betty ( brilliantly played by renee zellweger ) , who witnesses the killing of her husband , del ( aaron eckhart playing the most casually loutish husband since richard benjamin in diary of a mad housewife ) by two hit men ( morgan freeman and chris rock ) . she happens to have her most beloved soap on in the background and somehow merges the two realities . she's blocked out her husband's death and thinks she's a character in her favorite soap , a reason to love . betty sets out on the road to la ( with some drugs unknowingly stashed in her car trunk ) searching for her soap boyfriend dr . david ravell ( greg kinnear ) while the two bickering hit men follow in not so close pursuit . the labute who birthed the extraordinary in the company of men , slipped a bit ( but not much ) with his sophomore effort , your friends and neighbors , then fell straight on his ass with bash , a play he penned that was recently aired on showtime . the play demonstrated no forward movement as an artist , only labute's persistence in wallowing in the horrid things " average " people do to each other , usually with out realizing how horrid they themselves are . in the play , paul rudd , as an obnoxious jock , delivers a monologue detailing how he once followed a gay man into a bathroom and beat him maybe to death , while his clueless girlfriend essentially regards his sadistic behaviors as something along the old maxim " boys will be boys " . another character , schlubby businessman reacts to the loss of his job by actually killing his own baby ! what was once so powerful about labute's work , the casual , nonchalant cruelty and selfishness ( often elements we all have in us amplified to a disgusting degree ) had become so over the top it was borderline comic . obviously , at this point , labute could use a dose of some different kind of material before he pigeon holes himself further , but nurse betty isn't it . he clearly has little passion for what he's doing here , instead replacing his mojo with strained quirks ( one of the hit men is a huge soap fan , and the character of betty would be little more than a one joke gimmick if zelllweger hadn't managed to transcend that ) tailor made to appeal to the widest possible audience . nearly every scene between chris rock and morgan freeman fatally slows the picture down , as the two are made to enact soft-boiled tarantino-esque dialogue . they evince little chemistry , with rock constantly in over the top rant mode , acting more like an angry comic than any thing resembling a hit man ( an occupation that's represented far too frequently in movies nowadays ) . i think rock is a great comic yet he hasn't been able to bring his feral intelligence to movies , whenever he acts , and no matter the part , it's like he's doing the damn chris rock show . surprisingly ( at least considering her work in me , myself and irene ) renee zellweger gives a revelatory performance , building on her baby faced , apple pie looks . that wide-open face and helium voiced earnestness suggests a little girl not fully grown into her thirty-year-old body . it's the best work she's ever done . freeman is effective as always , though his performance nonetheless suffers because it seems at odds with where the movie wants to take it . the actor plays the role in his usual calm , collected manner , though the flick tries to insinuate a symbolic kinship between his character and betty's , suggesting that both are controlled by their fantasies rather than reality . that's interesting but the movie doesn't do anything with it other than crash land the sub-theme into a labored speech in the midst of a badly staged gun battle . the film has good moments ( many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear , especially his confrontation with zellweger ) , an almost soothing , lyrical score ( and you know a movie's in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about it ) but nothing jells , it's parts , good or bad , are so disparate as to be opposing . the film might have worked had it settled on being one type of film , a mainstream , female forrest gump or an oddball art film , but as both if it falls as flat as diet coke . betty's screenplay makes the mistake of relying too much on concurrence , without which betty wouldn't make any progress in the film . nurse betty is a film driven by coincidence rather than charter , like how betty becomes a nurse in the film , a job that she takes in order to get closer to her imaginary lover ; she happens to be at the hospital at the exact moment that a drive by shooting takes place and miraculously knows how to take care of the victim's wound because she happened to see how on tv , which leads to her being offered a room with the victim's girlfriend who eventually gets betty into a party where she meets kinnear ? ? ? a little too tidy , don'tcha think . betty has an interesting theme , though it doesn't even seem aware of this . the current state of tv has been leaning towards reality television what with the enormous success of survivor and moderate success of big brother , with more on the way . this is a film about a women so deluded as to think that her favorite soap opera is reality ( ironically real-life survivor sean kennif has taken a part as a doctor on the soap opera guiding light ) . instead of exploring this timely matter in a way relating to the current tv craze ( since the film does largely appear to be a satire of television , albeit one that would feel more appropriate in the '80s than the '00s ) , the film simply uses betty's delusions as a plot device to get her from point a to b . no progress is made and little is unearthed except that maybe labute could use a bit of rest and a lot of contemplation . 
synopsis : easily-angered , chainsmoking architect david encounters his homicidal first wife diedre five years after their divorce . diedre easily cons david's not-so-bright new wife molly into believing she's a child psychologist so that she can influence molly and david's quick-tempered son , michael . diedre , at the same time , murders a bunch of people . comments : the ex is a very bad movie . i haven't seen a turkey of this magnitude in quite a while . i kept vacillating , however , between giving the ex one star for its sheer awfulness and three stars for its campy humor ( ultimately , i decided to split the difference and give it two stars ) . as summarized briefly in the synopsis , this is yet another spurned-psycho-lover-gets-her-revenge type movie . i'm not sure how many films have been produced since fatal attraction which use this tired storyline , but it seems like 10 , 000 , 000 , 000 . the ex , however , though following many of the standard cliches of this thriller subgenre , differs slightly from the norm in that , at least , it doesn't take itself too seriously like so many other duds do ( malicious and stalked are two examples which come to mind ) . those involved in the movie realize they're in a turkey , apparently , and turn in hammy performances which compliment the ludicrous dialogue contained within the script . the ex's storyline , as i said , incorporates many cliches predominant in films of its nature ; however , the plot is so overwrought and unbelievable that , after a while , the viewer must accept that logic does not operate in the realm of the movie . diedre , david's first wife , kills and kills and kills , for example , without ever having to worry about police investigations and the like ( it's not as though she's bright enough not to leave fingerprints at the scene of the crime ) . david and his new wife molly have an incredibly difficult time understanding why michael , their son , has emotional problems , specifically his inability to control his anger . though david smokes like tomorrow will never come and blows up at people every other minute in the movie , the connection between him and his son is not made . molly is easily swayed by diedre into believing she's a child psychologist and allows the demented woman to spend time with her son . time and time again , things do not add up in this movie . if a viewer can't accept this fact , then he will definately not like the ex . if , on the other hand , he can appreciate the movie for its campiness , then he'll probably like it much better . i don't mean to necessarily suggest , however , that the ex is a memorable exercise in camp . even when viewed from an it's-so-bad-it's-good angle , this movie isn't all that successful . the ex does have its moments , though , almost all of which involve yancy butler ( the psychotic diedre ) and nick mancuso ( david ) . these two actors turn in decidedly hammy performances which , oftentimes , elicit chuckles from the audience . the truly awful lines written for them help this humor along . butler gets the larger portion of bad dialogue ; every time her character kills someone , she has a punchline that's unbelievably inane . when she murders a tenant of an apartment she wishes to use to spy on david , for example , diedre whacks the elderly lady with a crowbar and states " i'm so sorry , your lease is terminated . " or how about when diedre takes out her therapist in another ridiculous scene ? ( diedre's therapist wishes to have her recommitted , so she decides to visit diedre , alone , in her new apartment -- never realizing , of course , that it's not her's . therapists typically are catatonically brain-dead in these movies ) . having successfully snuffed the woman out , diedre looks at the body and says : " what was it that you always said to me at the end of each session , dr . jones ? oh , that's right . 'i'm sorry , but your time is up ! ' " this is what passes for humor in the film . the audience doesn't necessarily laugh but groan ( the type of groan that suggests the audience can't believe they're watching this crap -- although watching it they are ) . nick mancuso's chainsmoking , nervous-wreck character does not have the cheesy lines that butler's character delivers , but his ridiculously overdone performance provides for some better comic relief . in between drags off his cigarette , for instance , in one of the movie's best scenes , david tries to explain to his lawyer what a creep his ex-wife is . in exaggerated exasperation , he nearly shouts " the woman is a cuckoo-bird ! " ( trust me , it is funny in context . ) and so , the movie continues until its painfully obvious conclusion . i won't reveal the ending specifically ( though anyone remotely familiar with thrillers of this type could probably guess the ending just from this film review ) , but i will say that the ex has one of the biggest fire hazards appearing recently in film . molly and david own a cabin that becomes engulfed by flames in approximately three seconds ! molly , at one point in the film , not-so-brilliantly observes , after discovering diedre has moved into an apartment across from her family's to spy upon them , that " she's crazy . " you'd be pretty crazy too if you'd rented this turkey . i'd avoid it unless it's on tv and you come across it . if you do , you may want to watch it , groan at the bad punchlines and stupid plot , and feel good that you didn't spend money renting it . 
sometimes a stellar cast can compensate for a lot of things , and " pushing tin " certainly features some name stars who are going places : billy bob thornton , cate blanchett , angelina jolie , and oh yes john cusack who might not realize it at first , but he's actually the * veteran * among this quartet of fine-looking people . sometimes a terrific cast like this can compensate for a lackluster screen treatment of an idea that has " hip comedy " written all over it , compensate for workmanlike but uninspired direction , compensate for an obnoxious score that would have anyone but the tone deaf screaming for the exits , compensate for clich ? d characterizations , compensate for embarrassing " you have to be joking " situations . etc . in " pushing tin , " thornton , blanchett , jolie , and cusack don't have an earthly . from the opening sequence the film is in big trouble : squiggly , " quirky " credits , fake-looking passenger planes circling new york , and anne dudley's in-your-ear music making us wonder how she ever got that best original score nomination for " the full monty , " let alone won it . but i , for one , wasn't ready to walk just yet . so quickly we descend into a tightly-edited air traffic controllers montage which screams to us in large capital letters these people have a difficult job , yes , what with their frantic , mile-a-minute instructional personas , juggling planes and passenger's lives like some huge , real , mid-air video game . hip , cool , demonic auctioneer nick " the zone " falzone ( cusack ) is the best in the biz . of course . until some hipper , cooler , leather-clad flyboy assist in the guise of russell bell ( thornton ) shows up to challenge falzone's finite air space . boys will be boys and some heavy duty testosterone starts exuding , then the macho one-upmanship begins . it doesn't stop with seeing who can juggle three 747s within a cat's whisker of each other . oh no . there are some broken hoop dreams , some wanna-see-how-fast-i-can-drives , and then the ultimate showdown : was that my wife i saw you with last night ? director mike newell ( " four weddings and a funeral " ) must have read a different draft of this script because the one that's being acted out up there between newark , jfk , and la guardia doesn't have an ounce of subtlety , and newell has made some awfully good-and funny-movies before . the antics of these air traffic controllers will make you cringe . they'll make you frown in disbelief . they'll have you constantly looking at your watch . but wait ! there's still 100 minutes to go ! ! the film's only saving grace is blanchett , whose connie falzone is a spunky , brash , long island housewife who wants to better herself by taking art classes . this is a wonderful accomplishment for the fine actress who has previously played a red-headed australian gambler ( " oscar and lucinda " ) and a tempestuous british monarch ( " elizabeth " ) . but she's not enough to save the picture . thornton looks terrific and performs solidly but his character is a joke . jolie ( as russell's knock 'em dead wife ) isn't bad , but the up-and-coming actress disappoints by allowing herself to be displayed like a plaything . cusack cracks gum , dons shades , and acts hip throughout but , like everything else in the film , his performance is forced . in the last ten minutes or so , for some inexplicable reason , things start coming together and you begin to get a sense of how this film might have been , like the trailer teases . but it's too little too late . a fine cast aside , " pushing tin " is nothing more than an embarrassment . 
capsule : where are you tonight , leni rienfenstal ? starship troopers is an expensive , hateful and unenjoyable piece of violent pornography -- and bad pornography , at that . it is not good cinema , not good storytelling , and not even stupid fun : it's so cynically , calculatedly bone-headed that even the least demanding members of the audience i was with were alternately bored and revulsed . it's one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time . why am i calling this movie pornography ? pornography , in the abstract , is anything which is calculated to appeal to the baser instincts . i remember reading a review of full metal jacket which described the climact moment at the end of the movie , where private joker has to shoot the downed vc sniper , as " a near-pornographic eternity " . i didn't agree with that assessment , but i could see what was being implied : the reviewer felt as if the audience was being incited to stand up and pump their fists and shout " do 'er , man , do 'er ! " that sentiment is echoed ad nauseam throughout starship troopers . it's * literally * like a giant recruitment film that has gone berserk . it tries frantically to enlist our emotions but it winds up only being dull or sickening . the film takes place in our future , when earth has come under attack by some alien species that doesn't appear to have intelligence . to counterattack , humankind does the single stupidest thing imaginable : instead of nuke the planet from orbit , which they're clearly capable of , they send down grunts with m-16 rifles . this isn't heinlein , it's a bad wwii movie , one where all the most obvious points of satire are ever poked and prodded in combat scenes that are noisy , repetitive , and ultimately tiresome . ( one scene has a journalist on a battlefield , filimg soldiers being slaughtered , and ends with groaning predictability : said cameraman gets skewered , too . ) the soldiers and their commanders are consistently idiotic . they do not possess a germ of tactical intelligence or even common sense . they don't even behave like soldiers in a bad * movie * , and therefore we don't care about them . we hated the tom berenger character in platoon , but he * mattered * , and therefore we were curious to learn about his fate . here , we don't even hate the bugs -- what's there to hate ? hating them would be like cursing a hurricaine . if there's anything really hateful there , the movie doesn't know how to give it to us . the screenwriter ( ed neumeier -- perhaps a better appelation would be " screen typist " ) and director ( the increasingly talent-impaired paul verhoeven ) have not found any way to make the characters or the story serve each other . one of the subplots concerns a woman pilot who's great at getting out of tight situations , and does it again and again and again . once or twice is fine . by the fifth or sixth time , it's worn out its welcome . there's never any sense that these people are really thinking their way out of anything , or really being tested to show their mettle . also , the movie is irritatingly selective with how effective the bugs are to earthling weaponry . if a bug has one of the humans screaming in its grasp , then five guys can stand around it and blast away on full auto without doing a damned thing . but if one human gets cornered , he lays waste to whole platoons of bugs with one clip . uh-huh . the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi-fascist flavor . i say " quasi- " because while the movie uses many of the trappings of fascism ot eroticize its action -- the gear , the uniforms , etc . -- the movie doesn't have the nerve ( or the brains ) to be genuinely fascist , or intelligent about the subject . the bumpers between scenes , which are apparently intended to parody wartime recruitment propaganda are propaganda -- just so clumsy and oafish that they wind up making the bugs look relatively innocuous in comparison . like the rest of the movie . there's more , i suppose , but it's not worth it . the acting is bland , neither arsenic nor gravy ; the music disposable ; the camerawork turgid . the heartbreaking thing is that it makes independence day look like a masterpiece . 
" what's your favorite new york moment ? " " this one's climbing the charts . " starring john cusack , kate beckinsale , eugene levy , molly shannon . directed by peter chelsom . rated pg-13 . there's no doubt that 95% of romantic comedies follow a distinct pattern : guy sees girl , guy wants girl , guy goes through unreasonable obstacles to get girl , guy gets girl . in rare cases , the genders are flipped . predictability is a given . rarely , though , is a romantic comedy as cheap , as obvious , or as pointless as serendipity , a film that uses its " theme " as an excuse for its plot contrivances . " lightweight " doesn't begin to describe it . this is like anti-gravity . it begins in a new york city bloomingdale's , a product placement that rivals cast away's fedex for sheer blatancy . jonathan trager ( john cusack ) and sara thomas ( kate beckinsale ) both go for the same pair of gloves . after going through the perfunctory motions , jonathan gets to keep the gloves and the two of them go out for ice cream , followed by ice skating . jonathan falls hard , and sara is charmed . when she writes her name and number down on a piece of paper , a truck rumbles by and blows it out of her hand . she takes this as a sign from fate that they shouldn't be together ; jonathan is flabbergasted . to pacify him , she comes up with an idea : jonathan will write his number on a 5 dollar bill , which she will promptly spend . when she gets home , she will write her name and number inside a book ( " love in the time of cholera " ) and sell it to a used bookstore . if the bill gets back to her or the book to him , it will mean that they are meant to be together . three years later . both sara and jonathan are now engaged to other love interests . both realize they aren't content . both go looking for the other . what happens now is so absurd that i'm almost tempted to recommend the film for the sake of seeing it . the two of them run circles around each other in a set of incredible " coincidences " that i would describe as contrivances if it weren't for the film oh-so-cleverly dismissing that criticism by building its plot around " serendipity . " of course , since the movie is about fate , the screenwriter can do anything he damn well pleases . i'm not buying it . there's no suspense in any of this because we know exactly what's going to happen , but serendipity insists on drilling its purportedly " adorable " non-story into our heads . instead of " will they meet ? " the question we're asking is " when will they meet already ? " to make matters worse , every " coincidence " is telegraphed from a mile away ; by the last reel i was bored enough to actively look for signs that something else " incredible " was going to happen . cusack is fine and beckinsale , at least , isn't saddled with another lumbering , clunky screenplay ( she's had bad luck , what with brokedown palace and pearl harbor on her resume ) , just an inanely pointless one . serendipity also relieves the tedium with the amazing eugene levy , who plays a snarky bloomingdale's salesman . what's the interest in watching a movie that spirals around and around a predestined ( no pun intended ) conclusion ? serendipity wants to tug at the heartstrings , but it only tests our patience . 
of course i knew this going in . why is it that whenever a tv-star makes a movie it's always a romantic comedy , and then they say on entertainment tonight or something , that they were " attracted to the characters . they were really original . " original ? ! let me give you a run-through of picture perfect : character a ) kate ( jennifer aniston , from tv's friends ) , a smart , beautiful , professional woman wants two things she can't have : a new job-title and the love of her co-worker kevin bacon . her boss will only give her the job if she gets married and gets a mortgage and gets a lease on a german sportscar , and kevin bacon pnly sleeps with married or involved girls . what does she do ? she invents a fiance ! then when everyone wants to meet him , she tells some poor schmoe she met at a wedding that she will pay him $1000 to pretend to be in love with her for a company dinner , and pick a fight with her at the end , thus breaking the engagement but still being able to keep her job , since the guy ends up looking like a jerk and she is the poor , defenceless female . he , of course , goes along with it . gee , i wonder if they get together in the end . i've seen more original stuff on the wb . and better stuff too . picture perfect also makes the mistake of being _wayyyyy_ too long at 100 minutes , and expecting us to like aniston's character , who comes off as a cold , spoiled bitch . 
synopsis : lifelong friends rafe ( affleck ) and danny ( hartnett ) join the us air force and are stationed at pearl harbor , hawaii . rafe goes to england to fight alongside british pilots and is seemingly killed in action . danny falls in love with rafe's girlfriend , evelyn ( beckinsale ) , but rafe survives and returns to confront his former friend . meanwhile , the japanese sneak attack is imminent . . . review : " pearl harbor " is a perfect example of movies as product rather than as art . it is little more than a crassly-calculated attempt to woo the masses , enticing them with big stars , big effects , and a big setting -- but no heart . it is difficult to criticise the actors , because they do everything the movie demands of them . sadly , this amounts to barely more than reciting dialogue of such sheer banality that it makes one eager to see the script randall wallace wrote with his right hand at the same time as he was writing " pearl harbor " with his left . the plot here is pure cliche , and the wartime setting simply a convenient backdrop . there is no genuine exploration of what pearl harbor meant to the united states , and no insight into its vital role in inciting that country to join world war ii . instead , there is just an assembly-line love triangle , some empty patriotic rhetoric , and a laughable attempt to placate japanese viewers via the inclusion of some reticent imperial commanders ( when one intones , " i fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant " , i nearly fell out of my seat ) . to the movie's credit , it does include a fantastic portrayal of the attack itself , an exciting and dizzying hour which plunges viewers into the war . if only the remaining two hours had been crafted with such skill , perhaps this memorial day non-event would have been worth watching . 
mulholland drive did very well at the cannes film festival . as you can see from the rating it did not do very well from me at the toronto international film festival . it may not be clear to the viewer why i am so negative on this film for most of the running time . in fact it is an interesting mystery story told on the backdrop of the hollywood film industry . toward the end of the film i think everything that has been built falls apart . the film was to be a pilot for a tv series but writer and director david lynch did not sell his tv pilot and i think he decided that he wanted to do something else with it . something else is what he did . the film opens with a woman ( played by laura harring ) about to be killed in a car when a car crash saves her life . she crawls away from the accident with a concussion and finds herself a bungalow with an unlocked door to sleep . meanwhile young vivacious betty ( naomi watts ) arrives in hollywood from canada . she wants to build a career as an actress . betty is a little surprised to find a woman sleeping in the borrowed bungalow . she does not know who the woman is . she is even more surprised when the woman awakes and does not herself know who she is . they fix on a name rita for her , but are not sure if this right or not . meanwhile local director adam kesher ( justin theroux ) has problems of his own . he is trying to cast one actress for his new film and is getting pressure from the producers and from crime figures to cast someone else , cammie rhodes ( melissa george ) . these two threads are joined by a third one in which there is a strange and comic murder that goes terribly wrong . there is also a strange character called the cowboy ( monty montgomery ) adding to the confusion . in what was probably intended for the television pilot the film opens with a great vibrancy showing dancing 60s style under the credits . a lot of mulholland drive starts out fun . lynch wants you to know he could make an enjoyable stylish film . he just chooses not to . as with any david lynch film there is strange material added for little reason . there are no earthworms , but there are some decidedly strange david lynch touches . the film is a little long for the subject matter . toward the end it gets into some heavier violence and sex scenes , clearly not intended for the tv pilot . unfortunately some of the most important comments to make about this film would be spoilers . i will not mention them in the main body of the review but i give mulholland drive a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . mulholland drive spoiler warning . i have rated this film fairly low . you should read this only after seeing the film or deciding that you will not see the film . david lynch is in large part a dark satirist . most of his work is done in familiar genres but in some way shows their underside . in mulholland drive i think he is having a laugh at the expense of the crime film genre . what he does with this film is ( are you sure you want to read this ? ) playing off the audience expectations that there will be a simple explanation for what is going on . the first 80% of the film he tells a simple multi-thread crime story with clues sprinkled throughout . then suddenly at the end he turns the story on its ear with a large number of clues that appear that they should add up to something . the audience expectation is that they will add up . but he has given clues that are self-contradictory . lynch wants the audience to argue about what they have seen afterward and come up with theories . in fact , the pointers are noticeably contradictory and until i hear a better explanation , i think lynch is merely playing a joke . there is a visual curiosity that was popular in the sixties . mad magazine called it a poiuyt . other sources called it a tri- pronged u-bar . look at small portions of it and makes sense . look at the whole figure and it does not . this film is , in my estimation , the cinematic equivalent of a tri-pronged u-bar . 
welcome to your oh-so typical sequel . it tries to be twice as big as it's predecessor , yet ends up twice as shallow . shallow . . . . hmm . . . now there's an idea . maybe if the ill-fated cruise liner in this movie had struck a shallow reef early on things may have turned out better . the first thing that struck me . . . and surprised me , was that the camera work ( for the opening sequence anyway ) was terrible . looked like the cameramen were drunk and kept tripping on their own feet . . . . . . very different to the original movie . the characters ? well , not many of the characters actually * had * characters , but here's a rundown . annie , who was the highlight of the the original , must have seriously banged her head in the train crash at the end of the first movie . why ? because something's got to account for her losing that many iq points . even though annie wasn't exactly a rocket scientist in speed , here some of her actions just make you want to beat your head against a wall . for instance , after successfully using a chainsaw to cut a hole in a door so that a group of people can escape noxious gases - she stands in the middle of the opening for about five minutes till someone reminds her that the people can't get ut till she get's the chainsaw out of their faces . . . . bang bang bang in point of fact sandra's character is turned into little more than one of those scantly dressed extras from hercules , who constantly has to be rescued . jason patric ? all i can say is bring back keanu . keanu reeves might have the emotional range of a tree stump . . . but that's one more tree stump than jason has . i don't think he changed facial expressions all movie - jason , smile for the cameras ! ! now frown ! . . . i said frown . . . . oh . . . you are . . . bang bang bang . . wooden just doesn't describe this guys performance , but it'll have to do . the bad guy . . . . . ahh . . . william dafoe - there's a bright move . how can you go wrong with the star from that acknowledged classic , body of evidence ? ( yes , that is sarcasm ) . his wide eyed maniac of a character doesn't start out too bad . . . . but goes steadily downhill as the movie progresses . in the end he degenerates to chasing annie around for a hostage , even though he already has the money and can escape . . . . bang bang . though i'd like to give this movie a double thumbs down , there were some nice sequences . considering the movie cost over 100 million dollars - you'd hope there'd be at least a couple . the real eye-popper for me , even though it was given away in the trailer . . . . bang bang . . . . . was the sequence where the cruise liner sideswipes the oil tanker . this looks terrific and i was very surprised to hear that the cruise liner in it was . . . . completely computer generated ! wow . . . . i don't think i've ever seen a cg model look so real before . the sequence where jason patric in trying to disable the propellers from under the ship is also terrific , and the only time during the entire movie where you get that feeling of . . . . speed . this lack-of-speed problem affects many sequences . such as the oil tanker part . . . . . it was - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! " , 20 minutes later - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! " 20 min . . . . you get the point . this movie failed simply because it didn't live up to it's name . . . . there was very little feeling of speed . in the original movie , the lead characters had to make split second decisions to survive . . . . . in this movie it felt more like - " well people , we're gonna run into that there island in a few hours - i think i might stroll over to engineering and see if i can't turn off the engines . . . i'm passing the cafeteria on the way , can i get anybody anything ? " the ending of this movie really is terrible . even though it features what i've since found out is one of the most expensive sequences ever in a movie - it just doesn't work at all . the part where the liner crashes through the town looks very realistic , but . . . . surprise surprise - it just takes waaaaay too long . it seemed to go for 15 minutes before the ship finally stopped . one thing that struck me as extremely poor scriptiing was that as the ship crashes through the harbour and town , around 25 people are killed by the ship . . . . and there's only 15 or so people left on the ship . so when it stops safe and sound and the characters are all cheering - the audience is sitting back and thinking - " wait a sec . . . this is a happy moment because ? " bang bang then there was the dog . . . . . i almost fell out of my seat when i saw the bit with the dog dodging the falling debris . putting a dog in peril has become the ultimate hollywood cliche . . . . . . every movie seems to have a 'dog-in-danger' sequence - volcano , dante's peak , independence day , daylight , twister . lost world . . . . . . etc , etc . this movie is a perfect example of how not to make a sequel . director jan de bont should try watching the orignal movie and this one back-to-back and see if he realises where he went wrong . 
this is the worst movie i've seen since the " so bad i walked out on it " " jingle all the way " . it is crap on toast made of crap baked in a an oven fueled by crap . it is crap through and through . nothing works in this film , as to be expected from joel schumacher , who has made only one watchable film in his entire career ( that being " cousins " ) . here's a man who admits he's a medicore director , a rather charmingly self-effacing statement . but truth be told , he is much worse than mediocre . not all scorn should be heaped on schumacher though -- akiva goldsman should not be allowed to write ever again . there is no plot anywhere , and the " dialogue " is unrelentingly shallow , preposterous , and boring . they set up mr . freeze as a tragic figure trying to cure his cryogenically frozen wife , then completely sabotage his character by giving him the lamest one-liners . it turns him into a stock maniacal villain who thoroughly enjoys his villainy instead of a brooding scientist who has spent much of his life to bringing his wife from the brink of death . but that's par for course -- nothing in this film makes any sense , including half of arnold schwarzenegger's lines . as mr . freeze , arnold is given way too much dialogue to spit out at once . this is the same problem he had in " jingle all the way " , and it seems that his austrian accent is getting thicker and more unintelligible as the days pass . personally , i think that he has more pull with the directors and doesn't retake scenes to make him understandable . compare his dialogue in the terminator series to the load of nonsense that streams forth in " batman & robin " . apparently , james cameron knows how to get a competent performance out of arnold . uma thurman is not as bad , but nothing resembling good either . her poison ivy vamps around terribly , chewing up scenery left and right . and her pamela isley scenes are marred by sub-snl standard " acting " , as if she's reading off cue cards and is about to laugh at any given moment . given the " script " , it's a wonder it didn't happen more frequently . there is no redeeming feature in this film -- not george clooney as batman , chris o'donnell as robin , nor alicia silverstone as batgirl . michael gough is eerily sickly looking as alfred , as if the conceit of his illness was prompted by his cadaverous appearance . in fact , there was something unsettling about his appearance , which seems to have been accomplished without any make-up tricks , looking as if it were scenes from a documentary about a dying man . unfortunately , every scene about alfred's sickness is bungled with such incompetence that there is absolutely no emotional resonance -- they just go through the motions , losing whatever impact the scenes were supposed to impart . the movie is rife with poorly choreographed fights scenes that never give any sense of a big battle -- you know there's a bunch of people , but instead of a melee , schumacher decided to focus on a foot or a fist . there's never a moment of awe , wonder , or mayhem . the only interesting part of the battles scenes are the freezing effects , which are impressive ( and probably expensive ) . even then , the fights are so full of camp and stupidity that they become unwatchable . the hockey team from hell ? not even the tv series got that stupid ( at least not on the grand scale of stupidity that " batman & robin " showcases ) . frustrating too are the various supporting characters that walk on and off with nothing to say or do . blink , and you'll miss elle macpherson as julie madison , vivica fox as a " why is she even in the film " vamp in freeze's lair ( with all of two lines ) , and pat hingle as the most ineffectual commissioner gordan the batman series ever had . and in what almost seems like an effort to save on costs , vendela kirsebom has no lines as mrs . fries -- she isn't even filmed well enough to look good ( trust me , she's quite attractive outside of this dreck ) . and as if the film weren't bad enough to limp along with bad direction , bad dialogue , bad performances , and bad fight scenes , there are inconsistencies and illogic galore . i know it's nit-picky to ask where the hundreds of feet of cable are stored in the batarangs , why the character's arms aren't ripped out of their sockets when they accomplish a one-armed batarang save after falling hundreds of feet ( while holding on to another person no less ) , or where the moisture comes from when freeze's weapon creates tons if ice . that's all traditional comic book stuff . but why does batman spring a trap for freeze at a public charity event that endanger the lives of hundreds of by-standers ? why is there a big switch clearly marked , " heat " in mr . freeze's lair ? why do countless bumbling police officers even try to take on mr . freeze hand to hand ? why does alfred encourage silverstone to become batgirl and even go so far as to have a suit made for her ? why do batman & robin take 10 minutes to bicker before leaving the batcave in response to an emergency ? and since it established early on that ivy is using pheromones , why don't they wear masks to filter it out ? i could go on and on . " batman & robin " is a braindead , pointless , garish , loud film that should still reign as the " worst film of the year " by the time 1998 rolls along . note to warner bros . -- if you're going to make another batman film , please replace schumacher with nearly anyone . because it could actually get worse than this . what schumacher does not understand is that " comic book " doesn't automatically equal unbearable idiocy . the true equation seems to be schumacher + batman = unbearable idiocy . 
birthdays often cause individuals to access their lives . are we doing what we want to be doing ? what happened to our dreams ? with the new millennium , our collective big birthday , just around the corner , some people are sensing a certain dissatisfaction with their existence . the old standbys of traditional religion and science aren't doing it for many anymore and they're looking for something else . we'll be seeing more and more films with a metaphysical theme over the next few years . ricky hayman ( jeff goldblum ) is having a career crisis . the programming director for the good buy home shopping network , he's going to be fired unless sales increase dramatically . new producer kate newell ( kelly preston ) is supposed to whip things into shape . when the two are fixing a flat , they almost run down new age pilgrim " g " ( murphy ) . g wanders onto the television set and connects with the viewers by telling them that they don't really want all that commercial crap . in some unexplained manner , this causes sales to sour . ricky is saved . the movie tries to be too much at once and fails at it all . it's not an over-the-top comedy or a heart-warming message of humanity . it _is_ a mish-mosh of poorly directed scenes made even worse by insipid dialog . i am willing to put up with preaching from a film , but the messages here are old hat . you should take time to smell the roses . selling your soul for cash is a bad idea . golly . i'm glad i saw the movie . i never would have thought of these . the opportunity to poke fun at the goofy products is mostly missed . when g takes a chainsaw to the set , there's an obvious chance for murphy to be hilarious . it doesn't happen . the bits are so subdued and overly-long that there's only a hint of laughter from the audience . murphy has changed his roles in recent years and not for the better . there are hints of promise in this one . the only time the film picks up even a little is when his shaved-headed character in the long flowing white caftan shows up on screen . the others are horrendous . goldblum has episodes of brilliance in his career , but here he seems to have been replaced with a lifeless pod from his " invasion of the body snatchers " . his relationship with kate makes no sense . they move from antagonism to love somewhere off screen . preston is as uninteresting as she could possibly be . somewhere hidden deep inside of this film is about ten minutes of value . an attempt to satirize stupid television , we get a self-parody instead . 
an experience like baby geniuses can have certain effects on an average moviegoer . you may be scarred for life after seeing this petrified piece of garbage , which is so disarmingly horrible that it may cause you to ponder it's hollywood existence . when i think of the screenwriters behind this film , i picture a room full of monkeys . the monkeys are pounding on their typewriters while scratching themselves . all of the monkeys combine their efforts , hop in a cab and take the finished product downtown to director bob clark's office . the designated monkey explains the plot by jumping up and down on clark's desk while flailing his arms and shrieking . the director appears to be deep in thought , until he slams his fist down on the desktop and exclaims `i love it ! ! ! ' the writing behind this project is embarrassing . for your amusement , i will explain the plot . dr . kinder ( kathleen turner ) and dr . heep ( christopher lloyd ) are two of the cold-hearted executives at the baby geniuses institute , where peculiar studies are going on . as the story goes , there is an ancient myth explaining that babies ( ages 2 and under ) know all the secrets of the world from previous life experiences . when they move past this phase , they become like any other drooling toddler . kinder and heep want to unlock the secrets using their test babies , namely little sylvester ( sly for short ) , who can break in or out of any given situation so efficiently that he would be right at home on the mission : impossible team . there is so much crap derived from this premise , despite the fact it's virtually identical to the plot in look who's talking ! ( a far superior film in any league ) . you will be able to determine the quality of the film by examining the opening scene . sylvester has broken out and managed to elude several security guards with his amazing intellect and kung-fu tactics . question : it's obvious the babies are super-smart , but why are they able to fight like jackie chan ? ? the adults in this film are furiously beaten by these youngsters in diapers . it's a shock when writers will stoop this low just to draw cheap laughs by using john hughes' familiar home alone formula . i also found it disturbing that the babies in this film have attitude and endless 90's knowledge , quoting numerous movies and insulting their adult captors . the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny . the only reason viewers may avoid vomiting is the argument that the babies are `cute' . i suppose they are . i can admit to smiling a few times because the babies were cute . other instances , though , i was howling in laughter due to the inane stupidity of the script . there are supporting characters who have no personality whatsoever ; their entire existence is based on punch lines . peter macnicol and kim cattrall , as an unwilling couple who have adopted sylvester's twin , are both miscast . then again , i don't suppose any performer could handle the uneven material without looking incredibly stupid . meanwhile , dom deluise plays a fellow who gets hit in the crotch with a monkey wrench ( hahaha ) . i would avoid baby geniuses at all costs . instead of watching this , i would recommended filling your bathtub with cement and going snorkeling . or perhaps you would consider going diving in shark-infested waters . anything to avoid this painful movie . the final line in the film , spoken by the bratty sylvester , is `if they think i'm doing the sequel for less than $20 mill , they're nuts' . sequel ? please have mercy . 
i never understood what the clich ? " hell on earth " truly meant until very recently . i've just never experienced anything in my life which was so terrifying , so horrible , so monstrously deplorable that it justified being termed as " hell on earth " . after all , i've never been to war , i've never been the victim of any violent crime , i've never really been broken hearted , and i've never been audited ; so i really had no frame of reference as to people meant when they said that something was " hell on earth " then i saw cruel intentions . in a perfect world , i would be in charge of all the movie studios . the very first thing i'd do in this perfect world , would be to take every hollywood producer who thinks that setting any story in contemporary america with a 20-something cast playing teenagers and featuring a soundtrack ripped directly from mtv , and throw them in jail . but it wouldn't just be your average jail , not even a maximum security installation . i'd have these producers ( and everyone else involved in the production of these films ) put in front of a war crimes tribunal and forced to beg for mercy for their crimes against humanity . now you're probably thinking to yourself : " is this really how bad cruel intentions is ? " the answer is no . it's actually much worse . watching the cast of this motion picture atrocity try to act their way through roger kumble's awfully written script is probably a lot like stabbing yourself in the arm with a chainsaw and then pouring salt on the open wound . and then pouring acid on the salt . i don't know if kumble was trying to evoke comedy or tragedy out of his opening scene where marci greenbaum ( tara reid ) whines about having nude photos of her posted on the internet , but the only emotion i felt was sheer boredom . from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i don't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits . 
susan granger's review of " ghosts of mars " ( sony pictures entertainment ) horror auteur john carpenter ( " halloween , " " vampires " ) strikes out with this sci-fi eco-fable that's so bad it boggles the mind to imagine how the project ever got green-lit . the script by carpenter and larry sulkis appears to have been lifted directly from last year's " pitch black , " involving a violent prisoner who must be released from bondage so that he can help a small band of humans protect themselves from blood-thirsty , marauding aliens . in the year 2176 , there are 640 , 000 earthlings on mars , living in a matriarchal society led by a commander , played by pam grier . grier , pill-poppin' natasha henstridge , and some rookie mars police officers ( clea duvall , jason statham ) travel to the remote mining town of shining canyon to fetch " desolation " williams - that's ice cube - to bring him back to chryse city to stand trial for murder . but when they're besieged by demented , zombie-like , body-snatching miners , they readily free the scowling ice cube since they need him for protection . it seems a red cloud was released from a shining canyon cave and , soon after , most of the miners went bonkers as long-dormant remnants of an ancient martian civilization took over their minds and bodies , lopping off heads as " vengeance for anything that tries to lay claim to their planet , " according to a scientist ( joanna cassidy ) . carpenter uses so many flashbacks to tell the " night of the living dead " -like story that the idiotic plot gets incomprehensibly confusing . but you can easily predict each of the supporting characters who will be killed , along with the order of their elimination . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " ghosts of mars " thuds to a laborious , bottom-of-the-barrel 1 . perhaps , indeed , there is a curse on mars films , if you recall two other duds : " mission to mars " and " red planet . " 
200 cigarettes takes place on new year's eve 1981 . monica , played by martha plimpton is having a huge new year's party . everyone in town is trying to get there , but some are caught up in other things . this is the basic plot of 200 cigarettes . as we meet the characters headed towards the party , we are sent into many subplots which are unoriginal , and not interesting at all . this disappointed me greatly . the film should have been more about the party than the people trying to get there in my opinion . lucy , played by courtney love , is with kevin , played by paul rudd . the two are in a relationship that is more of a friendship , but starts to blossom into something more than that . this subplot is extremely boring and dull , and i am getting quite sick of plots like that . janeane garofalo is involved in another subplot , dealing with kevin . she plays ellie , an ex-girlfriend of kevin's . this subplot is completely a waste of garofalo's talent . there was no point to it at all , and it was hardly even in the movie . when lucy runs into a bartender , played by ben affleck , another subplot is formed . the bartender is invited by lucy to come to monica's party . at the bar , he runs into two more girls . the girls are played by angela featherstone and nicole parker , but unfortunately , due to the terrible acting of both of them , i don't even remember their characters names . ben affleck is a good actor , but his character doesn't go anywhere so he doesn't have much screen time to give a good performance . featherstone and parker are horrible in their roles , and they are part of the reason the film is so bad . christina ricci plays val , and gaby hoffman plays stephie . the two girls are trying to get to the party but are extremely lost . they meet some guys and end up going around with them all night . this subplot was alright , but it was quite annoying with stephie's accent . hoffman did an okay job of acting , but ricci did good . she was underused , considering she is such a wonderful actress . another subplot in the film is the relationship between cindy , played by goldie hawn's daughter , and jack , played by jay mohr . jack is an actor who doesn't care about the girls he goes out with , he just likes dates for one night , and the next day he doesn't . kate hudson is a huge klutz . she gets herself into very funny situations , that are the funniest parts in the entire movie . they are probably the only funny parts in the entire movie as well . this subplot could have been used more , mainly due to hudson's performance . mohr wasn't good , but he wasn't bad . he was just alright , which i didn't find acceptable . there is not much to say about the performances in the film . none of the characters are developed or shown enough to really tell if the acting is good or not . the only performances that i can judge are christina ricci's as always good performance , kate hudson's funny role , courtney love's mediocre performance , and paul rudd's annoying and overused performance . i was hoping for a little more out of jaw mohr , ben affleck , casey affleck , gaby hoffman , dave chapelle , and especially out of janeane garofalo . the two strongest things in the film were the great soundtrack and the original costumes . martha plimpton and christina ricci had very different and original outfits which made me feel like i was in the year 1981 . the soundtrack is full of 1980's tunes , ranging from " i want candy " to " tainted love . " the songs in the movie also helped create the feel that you were back in the 1980s . during the film , i often found myself asking the questions , " is there a reason to this ? is there any moral story ? is there a point ? are any of the events going on in the film necessary ? do i care what lucy and kevin are going through ? " the movie is extremely boring , and by the time they reached eleven-o-clock , one hour before midnight , i could not wait for the movie to be over . the plot is okay , but the subplots make it terrible . maybe if the film was about the party , not about the people at the party , it could have been a lot better . the bottom line : just like a slasher movie , this ? 80s comedy is just one too many . 
starship troopers is a bad movie . i mean , a really , really , bad movie . not only does it cross the line of bad taste when it comes to blood , gore and body parts shown on the screen , it blissfully jumps over that line , apparently unaware that the movie trailers appeal to an audience of five to fifteen year olds ( of which i saw many in the theatre ) . looking past the appalling sight of overdone violence , we are left with a movie with a thin plot at best , no strong lead characters , a blatant disregard for physics , and a very obvious naziesque theme . that being said , onto the review : the movie starts with a propaganda message from the federation ( who's logo bears a * strong * resemblance to a nazi german eagle ) , urging the populace to go off and fight the bugs , who are attempting to destroy earth . the film shows large rallies with young children in attendance , pledging allegiance to the federation ( again , sound familiar ? ) . as the movie progresses , we are shown terror tactic training , as a drill sargeant very graphically compound fractures one recruits arm , and throws a knife through another's hand . eventually , the recruits embark on a journey to a location two thirds of the way across the milky way galaxy , to fight the bugs on their home planet . as our faster than light travelling " heroes " arrive on planet , they drop onto the planet , and burst our of their craft brandishing . . . " what ? " you say , " laser beam weapons ? sonic weapons ? phasers ? photon cannons ? " . nope , they hop out brandishing good old 1997 machine guns , pump action rifles , and tactical nuclear weapons ! i guess a lot of physics money r&d went into travel and not weaponry . as the assault begins , our group of troopers are seen walking in a straight line through a box canyon . two members of the group notice rocks slipping and falling above them , and one even sees a streak fly by , but disregards it as nothing . this of course , leads to more massive carnage , blood shed , and graphic depictions of limbs and heads being ripped and severed from their bodies . again , i see that military tactics in the future must have evolved at about the same pace as their weapons ! in the end , we see neil patrick " doogie howser " harris burst onto the scene in what could accurately be described as a nazi ss trenchcoat , hat , and gloves . he does a vulcan mind meld on the giant slug , and then proclaims that the bugs are scared ! this sets the troopers into a frenzy , as they are now one step closer to completing their goal , total genocide of a species ( again , sound familiar ? ? ) . i have tried very hard not to step on and spoil the plot with this review , but given it's non-existence , i may have anyway . i could go on for pages ripping this movie apart , but don't want to bore you too badly . in short , i felt as if i were subjected to a mix between a pro-nazi war film with bugs substituted for allies , a drivers education accident scene film , and a complete blank screen ( the plot , of course ) . i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone , anywhere , under any circumstance . copyright ( c ) 1997 tim jandt " > 
the premise of the new james wong film , final destination , is that alex browning , the protagonist , prevents six of his friends from boarding a doomed airplane , thereby cheating fate . however , fate is not so easily bested , and alex's friends soon begin dying in unusual circumstances . essentially , this premise is a clever-way to make a slasher-flick without the slasher . unfortunately , this is practically the only clever thing about the film . as far as teen horror flicks go , final destination is better than many . there is enough shocking death , graphic gore , and requisite black humor to provide the essential " roller coaster " type thrill at the heart of the average horror flick . unfortunately , this film also suffers from the worst characteristics of this genre . the relationships between the main characters are tenuous and their motivations are meaningless except as excuse to set-up the next death . the scene where two of the characters break into a funeral home to view the body of their recently killed friend is suppose to be scary and dramatic but features some of the dumbest dialogue i have witnessed . if you are looking for a saturday night thriller to scare your date , this film might do the trick . other than that , wait until it goes into heavy-rotation on cable . 
there is a rule when it comes to movies . a sequel is never as good as the original . there are very few exceptions to this rule , and texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation is not one of them . now if you also take into consideration that the original chainsaw massacre was a really bad movie , and that this isn't even the first sequel to it , you have a recipe for a very painful viewing experience . don't be fooled by the presence of up and coming talents matthew mcconaughey ( a time to kill ) and renee zellweger ( jerry maguire ) . they made this movie before they were stars . judging by their performances they also made it before they took any acting lessons . it's a wonder they ever worked in hollywood again after appearing in this turkey . apparently the producers of this film realized just how bad it was , because it sat unreleased for years until someone decided that they might be able to capitalize off the success of mcconaughey and zellweger . apparently the two young stars were none too happy about this thing ever seeing the light of day . and i don't blame them , they would have been better off if this had been some sort of porno flick starring the two of them . unfortunately for them it is a horror film in which zellweger plays your typically stupid horror film character . while mcconaughey plays a guy who wears a mechanical brace on his leg that he controls with a television remote control . ( hey , don't say i didn't warn you . ) to make matters worse , leatherface , the chainsaw wielding maniac , who was never the scariest of psychopathic killers at the best of times , has now become a full blown cross-dresser , and spends the entire movie in drag . there is a plot to this movie but it isn't worth mentioning . let's just suffice to say that a group of teenagers are in the typical wrong place at the wrong time and are left to the mercy of remote control man ( mcconaughey ) and his lipstick wearing chainsaw revving half-witted sidekick . man , i can't get over just how bad this movie is . this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities . even the obligatory topless babe shot wasn't enough to hold my interest for more than 2 seconds . the writing is bad , the direction is even worse , but both of those things look good in comparison to the acting . this is the sort of movie that they should make people in prison watch . a guarantee you , if criminals thought that they would be subjected to this film they would never break the law again . 
don't let this movie fool you into believing the romantic noirs of william shakespeare . no one will truly understand the heart and soul of this man except through his work , and this movie makes a vain attempt at that . any moves to ? glamorise' his life , which hollywood has an annoying tendency to do , will only subtract from his achievement rather than expound on his greatness . this movie about his life , although well written , puts too much make-up on a man whose life was probably more pork and potatoes , rather than lobster and champagne . oh well , let's fantasise onwards an assume that he was a bit of a flirtatious play-write , who falls in love with a beautiful woman ( gwyneth paltrow ) and from her inspiration , several plays develop - ? romeo and juliet' , and ? the twelfth night' . it is easier for me to believe that he had a wet dream and that's how all his plays develop , but please spare me all of this unnecessary melodrama . but i guess my version probably wouldn't draw a crowd or make a dollar on screen . so is there any justification in romanticising the man shakespeare , when all we need to do is read his work in order to find his soul . i think not . as for the oscars were they deserved by this movie ? i think not . in many aspects ? private ryan' and ? life is beautiful' were far superior movies , but one should never assume that this should be a criteria for winning an oscar , as time and again , for reasons unexplained , an undeserving movie will win the accolade . another sore point is the fact that gwyneth won the best female lead , over a more polished cate , but i guess if you go on enough about your grandfather dying and your nephew being hospitalised - people will start feeling sorry for you . 
this film is extraordinarily horrendous and i'm not going to waste any more words on it . 
when considering david fincher's latest film , " the game " , four words come to mind . " don't believe the hype . " this michael douglas vehicle , from the director of " seven " , isn't nearly as clever or innovatively suspenseful as it would have us believe . the film draws us in with an intriguing concept ( aided no doubt by the riveting trailer ) where a jaded millionaire ( douglas ) is presented with the opportunity to enter into a living fantasy . this isn't simply virtual reality . this is real life with a deadly twist . on his 48th birthday , nicholas van orton ( douglas ) is invited to dinner by his underachieving younger brother , conrad ( sean penn ) . conrad has a special birthday present for his brother . he hands nicholas a gift certificate and tells him to contact a company called consumer recreation services . " they make your life fun , " conrad tells him . nicholas humors his brother , telling him he'll call , but it's clear he has no time for any foolish , " fantasy role-playing , " as he calls it . then , for reasons that are never really made clear , nicholas decides to go to crs and see what they're all about . he ends up spending a whole day going through their screening process , which to me made no sense considering the tight schedule he keeps claiming to have . nevertheless , when it seems nicholas has been rejected as a crs client , the weird things start happening . of course , when we've only covered about 30 minutes of screen time , what else should we expect . douglas has built his modern career around playing powerful , violent and unlikable men being manipulated by unseen hands . one of those films , " basic instinct " , came from the creative minds of writer , joe eszterhas and director , paul verhoeven . the premise of " the game , " is not unlike the concept of another verhoeven film , " total recall . " in that case , the premise was implanting someone else's memories as a way to enhance one's own life through a dream vacation . yet , in both films , the real goal is to create a vicarious bond with the audience . we live the adventure along with the protagonist , reacting to each twist and turn . in theory , the key to the suspense is not being to tell what is real and what isn't . all we can do is hang on until the end of the ride , when the truth is finally revealed . now , for those of you who forgot , let me say this again . " don't believe the hype . " " the game " is not a thrilling roller coaster ride . as a suspense-thriller , it doesn't do much but spin in circles . by the third reel , i was fighting back sleep and checking my watch as i endured the predictable plot . is it any wonder douglas won't be able to resist the charms of a mysterious , potentially life-threatening blonde ( ever heard of glenn close ? no ? well , how about sharon stone ? thought so ) . if anything in this film surprises you at all , i would guess you haven't seen that many films . there is no suspense here . trust me , i looked hard to find some . i had to settle for contrived gimmicks and ridiculously implausible situations . fincher aim's for hitchcock but lands somewhere just north of joe eszterhas . there are those that might say " the game " is not intended to be viewed literally . i would submit that is exactly the way i tried to view the film . the film simply does not have the teeth to bite into any real psychological issues . there is a moment early in the film where van orton , realizing his game has begun , smiles as he walks through the airport trying to figure out who's in on the whole thing . he is charged by his paranoia . he is looking at the world through new eyes . it is the last thought-provoking moment in the film . from there on , the director only wants to stay a step ahead of us . any significant archetype that is set up in the beginning of the film is simply turned into a plot device . at the outset , we're told each " game " is tailored to the individual . ultimately , this " game " is supposed to work like a crucible , trying this obscenely wealthy and emotionally detached aristocrat by fire , proving his soul . yet , as douglas endures his personal gauntlet , we're given very few pieces of the puzzle to illuminate us on who this man really is . i wanted to like this film more than i did . i look at it as just anothergreat idea , poorly realized . i can think of at least two other superior films where watching the film didn't mean we were seeing what was really happening . bryan singer's " the usual suspects " for one , a film that was truly unique in its ability to get you lost in the details before pulling back to show you the full masterpiece on the canvas . also , there is the underrated " jacob's ladder , " with tim robbins , a film that really has to be watched twice before you recognize the significance of all its symbolism . here are two examples of films that don't simply manipulate for manipulations' sake . there are films that use their labyrinth structure to lead us to a meaningful place . one major issue that comes up in " the game " is whether or not the whole " illusion " is just a highly sophisticated con game . well , i can tell you right now , after you've spent your $7 dollars , you may be asking yourself the same thing . 
* * * warning - the following review contains spoilers * * * cast : gary sinise , don cheadle , connie nielsen , jerry o'connell , kim delaney , tim robbins , elise neal , jill teed , jody thompson , bill timoney written by : jim thomas , john thomas and graham yost directed by : brian depalma running time : 115 minutes the first big event movie of 2000 turns out to be anything but . gary sinise stars as an astronaut who is removed from a mars mission when his astronaut wife , maggie ( kim delaney ) , becomes ill and passes away . don cheadle is then given the mission along with a russian couple and a young hotshot . when a strange whirlwind shot from the top of a mars mountain range attacks the crew of the mission , sinise and robbins convince their superior to let them , neilsen , and o'connell perform a rescue mission for whatever crew might be remaining . what they discover on the surface of the planet will dramatically change their lives forever ( although no one watching the film will come away profoundly affected ) . before i ever saw the film , i was aware of the promotional campaign with dr . pepper . every time i would see a bottle of the soft drink , the mission to mars logo was emblazoned upon it . little did i know that the plot would be taking a back seat to the product placement of the drink and several other products . dr . pepper saves the day at one point , and a dream sequence/flashback features jerry o'connell shoving m&m's in our face . these are but a couple of the ridiculous examples of product placement scattered throughout the film . clich ? s are also the order of the day with mission to mars . dialogue and character motivations are all lifted directly from countless other science fiction films that have all done it better and with more style ( even independence day , which lifted all of it's premises from other sci-fi films was better than this film , and i don't like independence day ) . films like 2001 : a space odyssey , the abyss , and close encounters of the third kind are all blatantly stolen from ( and poorly at that ) . there is even a sequence where a rover is traveling through a canyon , and i couldn't help but whisper " u'tinni " to myself and wait for a jawa to quickly hide in the rocks before the rover could get a glimpse of it . this film also features one of my all-time least favorite movie clich ? s : the " he would have wanted you to have this " moment , where one character gives another a trinket that yet another character is established as constantly having ( and is usually made fun of by the character who ends up getting all sappy over it later on ) . scenes like these always bother me when they come out of nowhere in regular films , but in a film as clich ? ridden as this , it is particularly irritating . ennio morricone's music is usually considered to be some of the best stuff in the projects he works on , but here it is dreadfully overbearing . his music sounds like it came straight out of a vincent price movie in certain scenes . at other times his music is unbearably over-dramatic . one sequence involving a daring spacewalk rescue is given a particularly cheesy sting when it is discovered that the grappling hook device used for the rescue won't reach its intended target . mission to mars is push button filmmaking to the greatest extreme . events are set into motion that are obvious to anyone who has ever seen a movie and seem like they are just there to evoke an emotional response in the audience . we are apparently supposed to be upset that tim robbins character removes his helmet in deep space and kills himself to save his wife , but i felt extreme boredom coupled with a twinge of disinterest . what makes it all worse is that fact that there is no real reason that robbins' character needs to turn himself into a popsicle , except to invoke an emotional response ( i could think of at least one way to save him , and the nasa clowns in this film are supposed to be " smarter " than i am ) . during the finale , when we are finally introduced to the translucent , conehead , kitty-faced aliens that we ostensibly sprung from , we are presented with some of the most ridiculously cartoonish cgi ever put to film ( just slightly worse than the plane crash at the end of air force one or the hell scenes in spawn ) . a brief history lesson about " where we came from " is proffered , then sinise is whisked away to be with " the rest of our people " ( he does this because his late wife proclaims in a video he watches early on that " this is a chance to step foot where no one else has " ) . >from the press i've been seeing this film receive , it is apparent that mission to mars will be dying a quick death at the theater . i'm sure the first weekend or two will be huge , but once word gets out people will stop going . let's just hope the upcoming red planet is better than this and isn't hurt by the negativity this film is generating . i'd venture to say it won't be worse than this waste of time . [pg] 
according to hitchcock and various other filmmakers , isolated motels , diners , gas stations and similar establishments in american southwest can be rather dangerous place for weary travellers . at the beginning of eye of the storm , 1991 german- american thriller directed by yuri zeltser , one of such places becomes deadly for their owners who get murdered during the stick up . ten years later their son steven ( played by bradley gregg ) , who was blinded during the incident , still runs motel together with his older brother ray ( played by craig sheffer ) . hardly anything happens there until alcoholic and abusive william gladstone ( played by dennis hopper ) gets stranded there with his attractive wife sandra ( played by lara flynn boyle ) . their unexpected presence creates the chain of the events that would end in bloodshed . yuri zeltser , author of this film , was obviously inspired by hitchcock's psycho , but he chose to add some new and potentially interesting elements to the original plot . instead of norman bates we have two brothers - one of them traumatised physically , another mentally . sexual tension between beautiful female patron and shy motel clerk is heightened with the presence of alcoholic husband . eye of the storm is impressive in visual sense , with photography by karl walter lindenlaub providing a lot of claustrophobic atmosphere . the acting is fine - hopper , gregg and boyle are comfortable with their roles , but sheffer at times overacts his psycho routine . unfortunately , eye of the storm , which was supposed to be intense psychological drama , deteriorates into cheap and predictable slasher flick during melodramatic finale . in the end , this film reminds us that original approach can't prevent filmmakers from wasting too many opportunities . ( special note to the profiler fans : ally walker appears in the beginning of the film in the small role of killer's girlfriend . ) 
in times of crisis people are driven to desperate measures . of course what constitutes a crisis differs from person to person . what may be a disastrous situation for one , may be seen as a challenge to another . as deepak chopra is known to say , " it's not the ride , it's the rider . " unfortunately clear-thinking is not always the reaction to problems . wall street wheeler dealer steven taylor ( michael douglas ) is a man with troubles . he's sunk his money in illegal financial activities and it's blown up in his face . in a matter of days he will lose it all . his wife emily ( gwyneth paltrow ) is a highly-placed un interpreter and is not happy with her life either . her marriage is cold and unfulfilling . unknown to her , her new lover david shaw ( viggo mortensen ) is not only a painter , but an ex-con with a history of bilking wealthy women of their money . emily is a prime target : she's worth over $100 million . steven's solution to his predicament is to offer david half a million to kill his wife . the artist accepts and the movie is underway . drawing from frederick knott's play and loosely based on hitchcock's dial m for murder , this is all-too typical of summer releases . all style and no substance . and there's really not much style . director andrew davis ( the accomplished witness and best-forgotten other films ) has made exactly the wrong choices at almost every turn . douglas and paltrow have both shown us that they are skillful actors in previous films . mortensen showed promise in the past . here all three are walking uninterestingly through their roles with oddly waxen faces . the only person who shows any sense of life is david suchet as new york detective mohamed karaman . he's only on-screen long enough to make you think that there might be a likable person in the film and then he disappears . the first concern of a suspense film is to create suspense . surprises are important . in this movie the audience keeps waiting for something to happen . and nothing ever does . nearly every event is telegraphed in advance . close-up on this object or that action and it's easy to guess what's going to happen . as the film plods towards its inevitable conclusion you keep expecting a plot twist to make the movie worthwhile . it's a hopeless quest . the story doesn't make much sense . steven's wife is loaded . even with unfriendly relations , you'd think that he could have talked to her about his difficulty rather than deciding to kill her . when he does decide on the dire plan he makes an unreasonable choice . if you were going to hire someone to kill your wife , would your first choice be her lover ? no matter how sleazy he is , i would think there might be a chance that he would turn down the opportunity . why would steven plan the murder as a break-in in their apartment ? why not just take her out as she was walking to david's loft in a bad neighborhood ? while deciding among the numerous summer films , you might do well to skip this one . you'll find more suspense than this movie offers by watching the weather channel . 
sylvester stallone has made some crap films in his lifetime , but this has got to be one of the worst . a totally dull story that thinks it can use various explosions to make it interesting , " the specialist " is about as exciting as an episode of " dragnet , " and about as well acted . even some attempts at film noir mood are destroyed by a sappy script , stupid and unlikable characters , and just plain nothingness . who knew a big explosion could be so boring and anti-climactic ? unless you saw " blown away " . . . " the specliast " of the title is none other than action star sylvester stallone ( in comeback #19 , i think ) , who plays a quiet , hermit-like bomber who was once a bomb expert with the army or something , but who suffered a change of heart when he and his assistant ( james woods , who shows us exactly what over-the-top is , other than another bad sly film ) accidentally killed some innocent people during a job . his credo is killing bad people , not innocents . and that's why he makes big bombs . so anyway , into his life steps the seductive sharon stone , who is basically the girlfriend/moll of the stupid son ( eric roberts ) of a cuban/miami kingpin ( rod steiger , in an indecipherable accent , which is sometimes cuban , sometimes brando , sometimes scottish , etc ) . turns out sharon is actually using her boyfriend so she can kill him , since he killed her parents when she was young . so she calls sly , leaves messages with him , sends him e-mail , etc , about planting a bomb to kill roberts , which sly listens to obsessively , and while he works out naked . yea . also into his life , though again , comes woods , who has been tipped off by stone to catch sly . using the cops , he tries to set up traps , none which really work , so when sly calls him , he goes ballisitic on his ass over the phone , getting so worked up by saying his must-be-improvised speeches that he seems to pop the vein in his head wide open . these are the most exciting scenes in the film , and woods becomes the only ounce of entertainment in the film . the film tries to offer us a moody film noir , except with explosions , but comes up completely snake-eyes . it's just a pretend film noir , making it a big waste of time . and for action buffs , the action scenes are pretty lame , with some really unrealistic-looking special effects ( a penthouse being blown off of a hotel looks like a piece of cardboard falling into a tub ) . then there's the much-discussed sex scene between sly and stone , which are about as mispaired a couple as rachel and ross on " friends . " their sex scene is more nauseating then sexy , because it shows us more of sly than stone . now let's guess who we'd rather see naked , okay ? stone's small but perky breasts , which we've seen more times than harvey keitel's dick , or stallone's veiny ass , which isn't usually shown for a very good reason ? i know i can't really judge it as a flaw of the film , but come on . the worst flaw of the film is this : it's boring . i mean , i was on caffeine when watching it , but my friend fell asleep only to be woken up by james woods ranting . but a good movie does not james woods going nuts make . if you're in for some fun action , rent sly's earlier " demolition man , " which sucks too , but in a much more entertaining fashion . skip this dull film , unless you want to see woods , or make fun of steiger's accent , or see stone's breasts again . 
there are movies that pose a question in its first five minutes and spend the rest of the time trying to answer it . then there are movies that spend the whole time posing questions and try to answer it all in the last five minutes . writer-director john herzfeld's two days in the valley falls into the latter category . weaving together a grabbag of seemingly unrelated characters , herzfeld's tries very hard to keep the audience guessing with a altmanesque series of parallel stories . hitmen lee ( james spader ) and his partner dosmo ( danny aiello ) pop a guy in bed while leaving his drugged wife becky fox ( teri hatcher ) lying next to him showing the audience where on her behind she got nicely pricked . an understandeably shocked becky runs out of the house the next morning before hailing down a couple of vice cops , ( jeff daniels ) and wes ( eric stoltz ) . a murder is not vice territory , flirting with asian prostitues is , but wes would rather play inquisitive detective . meanwhile , washed-up director , teddy ( paul mazursky ) is about to end his life . but before he can do that , he must find a good home for his dog . enter nurse audrey ( marsha mason ) , who takes the dog and teddy for a ride . stuffy art dealer , allan hopper ( greg cruttwell ) has kidney stones . while struggling about his fancy house , he switches between moaning in self-pity and dropping condescending hints about his loyal secretary's ( glenne headly ) plain appearance . don't be surprised if you find yourself asking more than once just what the hell is going on . you might like that feeling of cluelessness . herzfeld does answer all the questions in the course of time and pieces it all rather neatly in the last five minutes . the jigsaw puzzle assembled isn't stunning by any means though . the characters lack the stature or moral complexity of altman's real-life heroes in short cuts , even though they are interesting and funny . funny , that is if you aren't comparing them to the likes of tarantino's pulp chcaracters . the tie-up is tidy but nowhere near the squeaky clean resolution of ( director's name ? guy who also did last seduction ) red rock west . two days isn't a bad movie but there isn't much else to it than the screenplay novelty of the linkage of seemingly unrelated characters . it'll keep you guessing alright but you won't remember the answers five minutes after the credits . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . 
capsule : dumb dud of an entry in the body heat sweepstakes , and now something of a landmark for having spawned a jillion clones . basic instinct's worst crime is that it's not just a bad movie , but in many ways , an incompetent one as well . it's stupid in itself , and stupid to think its audience is as stupid as it is . it's supposed to be a thriller , but the plot is dead on its feet , and ultimately arbitrary ; it's only put into the movie to jerk us around . it's also supposed to be sexy , but it's instead got the unpleasant rawness of a teenager showing younger kids his collections of dirty pictures . it's a ripoff . the story opens with a rock star being murdered while in the throes of orgasm . the biggest suspect is an authoress , catherine tramell ( sharon stone ) , who wrote a novel in which the murder was eerily presaged . or maybe it's the work of a copycat ? these and other plot threads get fed to the detective who's on the case ( michael douglas ) , who has a few problems himself . like we wonder if his elevator goes to the top floor . we can measure with a stopwatch the time from them setting eyes on each other to the moment they are doing the mattress dance . joe eszterhas has written the screenplay , and he uses a device that he used before in the much better jagged edge : the killer's identity is kept a secret until the movie's final shot . this isn't in itself a problem -- the problem is that up until that point , we've been given nothing to work with . every clue in the movie -- every clue -- is ambiguous . the whole thriller aspect of the movie is a shill . red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets . they add up to zip , because they're not happening to people we care about . douglas's character is foulmouthed and bitter and that's it ; stone's character has an iron-on smile that never changes ; the rest are forgettable . when we don't even have the luxury of giving a damn about anyone in the movie , who cares what happens in it ? especially with an ending that is not only unsatisfying , but in many ways inexplicable ? ( a friend of mine once came up with a rule of thumb about movie characters : " if no one in the movie behaves like anyone you know , or would * care * to know , just leave ! " ) one of the nastier things about the movie is the way it treats lesbianism not as an integral part of someone's life , but as a kind of kink -- something to thrill men with . i despair whenever i encounter this kind of stupidity in mainstream entertainment ; are we still so culturally neanderthal that the only way to include something like that in a big-budget hollywood film is as a hefnerism ? 
an 18-foot-high , 43-foot-long dragon is the computer-generated co- star of this strictly-by-the-numbers sword 'n' sorcery flick . as voiced by sean connery , " draco " is a surprisingly expressive creation who is well-deserving of his 23 minutes of screen time . he walks , talks , flies , fries , and even fakes his own death , all with the help of 96 computer-aided animators . too bad that ilm ( industrial light and magic ) couldn't spare some special effects for dragonheart's * human * co-stars . a bearded black hole exists where dennis quaid should be . he's a near-total loss as he growls glumly through his role of a disillusioned knight . david thewlis' evil king has a high hiss factor ( hf ) , though he's more of a mumbling oddity than anything else . oh , and there's some redhead in a '90's wig , who runs around either screaming or scowling , depending upon if the particular scene has her playing the woman in peril or the put upon peasant . the fringe flourishes include pete postlethwaite as a wandering monk with literary ambitions , julie christie ( ! ) as the good queen mother , a band of mercenaries that appear dressed for ye olde heavy-metal concert , and , believe or it not , the speaking spirit of king arthur . bring out your dead ! unfortunately , when we add it all together ( draco + fringe bits - quaid - thewlis ) , the sum total amounts to zero . dragonheart is , well , too much of too little . director rob cohen ( dragon : the bruce lee story ) has made a big , expensive movie that , while ambitiously plotted , is both murky and predictable . and overscored . and self-important . and the list goes on . ( i must ask : did screenwriter charles edward pogue intend that * every * character be stabbed , lanced , or sliced at least once ? keep that man away from the knife drawer ! ) the last five minutes of this movie are the worst , with some silly celestial nonsense that would be laughed out of any planetarium light show , much less a summer movie . save your money . 
" goodbye , lover " sat on the shelf for almost a year since its lukewarm reception at the cannes film festival last may , and one look will tell you why . it's a mess . and that's * way * before ellen degeneres shows up . the film is one of those torrid double-indemnity crime stories that , in this case , required the services of three screenwriters . i suspect that one wrote a sexy thriller , one wrote a murder mystery , and one wrote a comedy , then director roland joff ? tried to piece it all together in the editing room while scratching his head in bewilderment . i didn't laugh at ellen degeneres much ( i think i was supposed to ) . degeneres is horrible and her character is even worse , a tough-talking vulgar cop with a bad wardrobe and bad hair . either degeneres is wearing a wig--as most of the actors appear to be--or she doesn't yet have enough clout to secure a hairstylist . every single word out of her mouth is supposed to be racy and hip , but her incessant wisecracking is poorly-written and merely stupid . her reaction to the brutal killing of a jogger is " at least she died healthy . " and that's one of her wittier asides . degeneres' sgt . rita pompano is called in to investigate the allegedly accidental death of . . . wait . to give away too much of the plot would all but ruin a film that has very little going for it outside of its numbing plot twists and multiple triple-crosses . it's best described this way : sultry sexpot/real estate agent sandra dunmore ( patricia arquette ) is married to jake , a " creative yet unfocused " ( and alcoholic ) advertising rep , played by dermot mulroney . sandra likes to act out her deep-seated sexual fantasies and jake's brother ben ( the suave-as-ever don johnson ) likes to help . ben is also coming on to his petite , mousy co-worker peggy blaine ( mary-louise parker ) and someone , somewhere , is planning to cash in on that huge life insurance policy of his . the film is ripe with cheating lovers cheating on each other and back again . although there are some genuine surprises , the plot twists get too contrived too quickly . probably around the time degeneres' gumcracking gumshoe appears . at least the former " ellen " star is going for something a little different . arquette turns in yet another of her stiletto-heeled , platinum blonde bombshell roles ( see : " lost highway , " " true romance " ) while quoting embarrassing lines like " i'm not wearing any underwear . " i hope she got paid a lot of money to do this . here's an example of some of the film's flat-out stupidity . sandra purchases a used car and disguises herself in a red wig prior to stalking two of the film's duplicitous lovers . she drives the motorbiking couple off a cliff while blaring her favorite " the sound of music " on her car stereo , intent on identifying herself to her hapless victims . so what was the point of the wig and the car ? " the sound of music " stuff might be a reference to " the wizard of oz " allusions in david lynch's " wild at heart , " but if so joff ? must have forgotten that " wild at heart " was a despicable movie . it's hard to believe that " goodbye , lover " was directed by the same person who made " the killing fields " and " the mission . " it's not , however , hard to see why it sat on the shelf for so long . it should have stayed there . 
okay , bear with me y'all , cause first off i have to get this off my chest : what the hell is up with that damn crab ? ? ? whew . okay . cause that same clip shown over and over again was beginning to get on my nerves towards the end , as cute as the crab maybe . even i know that you need more footage than * that * . and that wasn't the only thing getting on my nerves . the cutesy gimmicks , saccharine sweet score / soundtrack and the pretty young faces of sarah michelle gellar ( as amanda ) and sean patrick flannery ( as tom ) might have held some appeal during , oh , say the first 10 minutes of the movie . at first the movie moves along at a quick , interesting pace . it is speedily established that something magical is about to happen to amanda when she encounters a totally random fairy godfather type person on the street , whose aforementioned crab follows her everywhere and just * doesn't * die . a ridiculous concept , yes , but at this point i'm willing to accept it because i'm willing to accept that this is how amanda's life is changed , how her powers are received . later on , the movie can't seem to decide whether these powers come from this fairy godfather or from amanda falling in with tom . and this is why the clips of the crab were annoying ; they weren't just repetitive , they were out of place and unnecessary . the plot stumbles along at an uneven speed , sometimes dwelling too long on a particular development ( amanda suddenly becoming a great chef , her falling in love with tom , etc . ) , sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good . some places the plot just doesn't make sense , sometimes it's way too contrived ( the crab bit , for example ) , and sometimes too corny ( peaches emitting dry ice . can't beat that ) . all in all the plot seemed fragmented , unconnected . not romantic at all , and only funny in some places . so , okay , do the magic powers come from the crab ? or the fairy godfather ? she can * float * now too ? and all of a sudden , instead of just making dry ice come out of peaches , she can put her emotions into her food ? tom all of a sudden just accepts amanda's " witchcraft " in the end ? would people really dine in a restaurant that resembles life after death in tupac's video ? what the hell is up with that damn crab ? it is unfortunate , because i liked the basic premise of the movie , until it became too fantastical and tiresome . the film seemed to skirt around a serious theme or at least * a * theme for a while , but towards the end it resolved to show us long flashback clips and 5 minutes of people crying at their tables . the humor was good in some places ( nolan gets the funniest bits , including that incomprehensible , totally random thing with the dolls ) . gellar and flannery are qualified actors , and gellar has a particular charm , but i much prefer her playing the saucy buffy ( or even annette in the upcoming " cruel intentions " ) than this sorry excuse for a character . it's almost funny sometimes to see these two trying so hard to make the dialogue sound better than it is , or trying to make the relationship seem more plausible . the supporting character nolan was a highlight , though he reminded me a bit of kevin in " you've got mail " ( see footnotes ) . and , as always , typical of a chick flick / romantic comedy , there's a seemingly endless romantic soundtrack in the background , cued up at all the right places . this sort of got on the nerves after a while , too . " simply irresistible " is not hard to understand , light , funny in some places , and generally disappointing because it can't draw the line between romance and protracted sap , between humor and tired slapstick . and how could i refrain from making a pun ? . . . " simply irresistible " is all too easy to resist . ( first viewing , 2/6/99 ) * did anyone else think this was a tad bit similar to " you've got mail " ( or " the shop around the corner " ) ? business rivals fall in love . female counterpart's business is in danger of being shut down . female as mother- like figure guiding her . the annoying , hysterical ex-girlfriends . * i _really_ like sarah michelle gellar's wardrobe . 
all through its production and into the early days of its initial , aborted pre-release publicity , hard rain bore the appropriate moniker of the flood . ultimately , however , paramount pictures , nervous that this movie would be confused with 1996's other , underperforming disaster films ( dante's peak , volcano ) , changed the title and shifted the release date by nearly a year . but , to paraphrase the bard , swill , by any other name , would smell as rank . no number of name changes can help this picture . it's not just about a disaster , it is a disaster . hard rain is the case of a movie that gets progressively worse with every passing minute . the best shot occurs during the opening credits , as the camera pans over the streets and byways of huntingburg , indiana as the water level slowly rises . the community , protected by an overworked dam , is being evacuated as the rain continues to pour relentlessly from the cloud-choked skies . from that moment on , it's all downhill . whatever initial entertainment value the film possesses has long since drained away by the halfway point . it takes forever to get to the end credits -- this is one of the longest-seeming 95-minute motion pictures i have recently endured . basically , hard rain is one extended , dull chase sequence punctuated by occasional shoot-outs . there's a lot of water , broken glass , gunfire , and explosions . it's all very routine and uninteresting because there aren't any real characters and the plot only occasionally makes sense . the film's conclusion is so preposterous that it's almost worth watching for the sheer masochistic enjoyment of seeing the monumentally idiotic way that the film makers decide to resolve the myriad subplots that are floating around . action films are supposed to become progressively more invigorating as they rush towards a conclusion . graham yost , the writer of both speed and hard rain , surely understands that principle . unfortunately , neither he , nor cinematographer-turned-director mikael salomon ( a far off place ) , applies it . the action in hard rain grows tedious through repetition . we see the same kinds of things -- speedboat chases , flood damage , shoot-outs , etc . -- over and over again . the movie constantly recycles about twenty minutes worth of material to pad the running time out to an acceptable movie length . the storyline gives us a number of paper-thin characters in contrived circumstances . there's tom ( christian slater ) , the one- dimensional action hero who works as a security guard driving an armored car full of cash . he and his partner , charlie ( edward asner , tv's " lou grant " ) , get stuck on a street that's rapidly turning into a river . a group of men , led by jimmy ( morgan freeman ) , arrive on the scene not as rescuers but as robbers . after charlie is killed in a shoot-out , tom hides the money , then runs . as he swims and boats his way through huntingburg's roads , he encounters some of the locals : karen ( minnie driver ) , a would-be love interest ; a bickering old couple ( richard dysart and betty white ) , who are on hand to provide comic relief ; and the easily-corrupted sheriff ( randy quaid ) , whose seeming helpfulness hides sinister ulterior motives . there isn't any real acting in this film . christian slater utters a few lame one-liners and does a lot of mugging for the camera . tom is easily one of the most lifeless characters the actor has brought to the screen . randy quaid sneers a lot , and is totally unconvincing . morgan freeman and minnie driver both attempt to give legitimate performances , but they are defeated by the script . freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time-to-time . following in the wake of twister , this is yet another natural disaster movie that doesn't trust nature's fury as the chief engine of conflict . as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys/bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had . titanic proved that there can be a wealth of drama in a movie where everything goes under water . hard rain successfully demonstrates that the opposite is equally possible . thus far this year , hollywood has already subjected us to its unique brand of moronic mayhem by fire ( firestorm ) and water ( hard rain ) . fortunately , there are only two elements left . 
* * * the following review contains spoilers * * * " it's just . . . the way . . . we are . " --- a rapist ( matt frewer ) responds to supergirl's ( helen slater ) query as to why she's being attacked , an example of the mind-numbingly bad dialogue in supergirl . i'll admit it . . . i love superman iii . i know it's hated amongst the superman faithful who dismiss it as nothing more than a vehicle for richard pryor , but i still think it's a worthy addition to the man of steel franchise . supergirl , a spin-off film of sorts from the series' same producers ( alexander and ilya salkind ) , doesn't even rival superman iii in terms of quality , let alone superman or superman ii . supergirl lost me from the opening scenes and went steadily downhill for the rest of its two hour plus running time . as the film begins we see the residents of argo city , a commune like place consisting of refugees from krypton which resides in " inner space " , go about their daily lives . ok . . . what ? so these are exiles from krypton , which blew up right ? were they living there before krypton exploded ? how do you get to " inner space " ? this whole " inner space " notion is never explained , particularly in terms of how these people get information from the outside world . how do they know where superman went ? how do they know he took the name clark kent and now works at the daily planet ? these kinds of things frustrate the hell out of me . argo city is kept running by a power source called the omegahedron . one day the founder of argo city , zaltar ( peter o' toole ) , gives the omegahedron to superman's cousin , kara ( helen slater ) , for use as inspiration in her art . kara uses it to create a bug-like thing which immediately crashes through the layer of " whatever " that protects the city . in the chaos , the omegahedron sails out through the opening , dooming the argonians to death . . . in three days time , or something . kara then climbs into a pod which zaltar had designed for interdimensional travel and chases after the omegahedron to save her world . the power source travels directly to earth and lands in the bowl of dip belonging to a minor-league witch named selena ( faye dunaway ) who , immediately before her dip was ruined , announced her desires to rule the world to her sometimes warlock boyfriend nigel ( peter cook ) . selena somehow knows that this ball from the sky will help her with her evil plans , and she sets out to achieve world domination . selena is unaware of course that kara has also arrived on earth , and that she's arrived as supergirl ( complete with appropriate costume ) . supergirl emerges from the bottom of a lake when she arrives . ok . . . huh ? why does the omegahedron fall from the sky but supergirl shoots out of the bottom of a lake ? attention movie : explain yourself ! i'm sorry , i can only suspend disbelief so much . i can't buy into any of this nonsense just because the movie wants me to . knowing that she needs a secret identity , supergirl basically " wills " herself into a school girl outfit ( complete with a different hairstyle ) , picks the alias linda lee and enrolls into school . she's given her dorm assignment , and who happens to be her roommate ? lois lane's sister , lucy . ok , coincidence is one thing folks , but we're getting really contrived now . what follows are some generic all-girls school hijinks . . . complete with evil bully girls ( mean for no reason , of course ) and even a shower scene ( ! ) . best moment though comes when supergirl decides to put a bra on over her school uniform and starts stuffing it with socks . at this point i'm rapidly wondering why i'm bothering with this nonsense . there is some credit to give to the film however . one lengthy and elaborate sequence featuring an " evil " bulldozer destroying a small town in search of its " prey " is very well done . also , its commendable to see genders reversed in the film , whereas the women have all the power and the men are merely objects and tools . hart bochner ( die hard ) is particularly fun as kara's love interest , a lovesick landscaper who is under a spell cast by selena ( although he is unfortunately part of one of the film's more ridiculous moments , when he has to be rescued from being tapped by some " menacing " bumper cars ) . then there were numerous little things that bothered me . the flying effects are never convincing for a moment . . . it's all too obvious that helen slater is hooked to wires . instead of having her look like she's flying , the filmmakers wanted her to be " graceful " , so she poses a lot and does ballet-type maneuvers . also , who are the first two humans to meet supergirl when she arrives on earth ? a pair of truck drivers/rapists who immediately attack her and then meet a " wacky " demise . there is also some rampant product placement in the film , most notably for popeye's , tylenol , and a&w root beer , with the latter actually putting its logo on the t-shirt of one of the rapists ( ? ! ) . finally , just one word : monsters . faye dunaway and peter o'toole ham it up unmercifully , however when o'toole overacts he's entertaining and when dunaway does it she's annoying ( her character actually says the line " seize them ! " at one point ) . dunaway's henchmen ( played by peter cook and brenda vaccaro ) fare much better , with vaccaro coming off best as the equivalent of ned beatty's otis character from the first two superman movies . helen slater effectively portrays supergirl as the innocent , naive character she's written to be , as she's able to gaze at flowers and bunnies with the right amount of genuine wonder to make it believable . believability aside though , it's still annoying . now despite all this negativity ( and i'm not alone here . . . supergirl is not a well liked nor a well respected movie in many circles ) , leave it to the good people at anchor bay entertainment to actually make people not only interested , but excited about its release on dvd ! they have released two separate editions of the film on dvd , to the delight of many people ( including myself . . . yet i'm still unclear as to why , since this movie is so awful ) . the first and most widely available dvd release features the international version of the film which runs 10 minutes longer than the print which ran in u . s . theaters . the movie is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 2 . 35 : 1 , is enhanced for 16x9 televisions , and has been remastered in full thx glory . extras on the disc include : a full length audio commentary track with director jeannot szwarc and " special project consultant " scott michael bosco , the excellent 50-minute documentary from 1984 called supergirl-the making of a feature ( dig that workout montage ! ) , 5 trailers , 3 tv spots , talent bios , in-depth storyboards ( accompanied by score from the movie ) , and assorted still galleries . the transfer on this international version is incredible . . . you'd think you were watching a new release . images are sharp , colors jump off the screen , and the picture is free of scratches or artifacts . only some special effects sequences show the wear of time , and there just isn't much that can be done about that ( unless you're obsessive like george lucas ) . the new thx approved audio is loud and clear in all the right places , however you'll be hearing absurd dialogue and a mediocre jerry goldsmith score ( which is completely unrelated to john williams' classic superman theme and sounds better suited for a cannon films' golan-globus production ) . the commentary track featuring director szwarc and project consultant bosco is a step in the right direction in the evolution of audio commentaries . bosco seems to be an expert in all things supergirl and is there with szwarc to ensure that there's no dead air on the track . bosco probes szwarc for information on virtually everyone and everything that comes onscreen , and we learn a great deal more about the film as a result of his participation . although , at times you can tell that bosco is looking for a specific response from szwarc , and is surprised when he doesn't get that response . we learn some fascinating tidbits on the track , most notably the " almost " appearance in the film by christopher reeve . great detail is given about superman's proposed role in the original script before reeve ( wisely ) dropped out . as it stands , superman is written off early on in the film when we hear a radio broadcast mention that he is billions of light years away on some sort of peace mission . for the sake of brevity , i won't even get into that one . szwarc also reveals that is was the conscious decision of the salkinds ( and everyone else agreed ) that supergirl needed to stand on its own , replacing the science fiction of the superman films with cutsy " whimsical fantasy " nonsense . bosco also points out scenes not in the american release as they come along , claiming that had they been in the original release it would have been a hit at the box office . again , for the sake of brevity , i won't even get into that one . anchor bay has also released a limited edition ( only 50 , 000 copies pressed ) two-disc set . disc one contains everything mentioned for the regular release . disc two features the never before seen director's cut of the film , which runs 138 minutes long . the additions mainly consist of scene extensions which don't add much of note , except for a few moments which lengthen peter o'toole's screen time ( particularly during his latter appearances ) . the print is rough in spots and the sound is only in mono , but fans of the film won't care . one question though . . . shouldn't the director's commentary be on the director's cut of the film ? i'd never seen supergirl before i sat down to watch this dvd . i was nine when it was released to theaters , and even then i was smart enough to inform my parents not to take me to see it . so when i popped the dvd into my player and sat down in my easy chair i had no idea what to expect . i knew the film wasn't beloved and i never had any interest in it before , but i was willing to give it a shot because of the impressive amount of work put into the disc . as the disc began to spin i was rather impressed with the opening sequence , which made me sit up and wonder if my assumptions all this time could have been wrong . come to find out however it was just the chase digital stereo logo . . . so i slunk back into my seat as the nightmare started . at the end of the film , supergirl flies back into the lake with the omegahedron , and flies back to argo city . ugh , i give up . i'm surprised i even made it to the end of the film not once , not twice , but three times to review these discs . supergirl is definitely a terrific dvd package , but a very lousy movie . [pg] 
because no one demanded it : david duchovny in a romantic comedy ! at last , both his romantic magnetism and his comedic brilliance are mined for all their resources ! the choice of duchovny may have something to do with the plot , which could be fodder for a valentine's day episode of " the x-files . " bob rueland ( david duchovny ) loses his wife elizabeth ( joely richardson ) in a car accident . at the same time , grace briggs ( minnie driver ) is in the hospital , waiting for a heart transplant . grace gets elizabeth's heart , and it leads her to bob . it's the romantic equivalent of all those horror films where someone gets a transplant from a serial killer and then is driven to slaughter people . four writers are credited with contributing to the story . that doesn't seem possible . despite being a solid two hours long , " return to me " adds little to the " boy meets girl / boy loses girl " formula and , as a result , is terribly tedious and slow-moving . duchovny and driver seem unable to generate any sparks , and i kept wishing for a fast-forward button to move their scenes along . since driver has managed to work well in romantic roles before , i blame duchovny . he's out of his element without the manufactured and static sexual tension of his tv series ( and i've always thought that the relationship between mulder and scully on " the x-files " comes off more sibling-like than hot-and-bothered ) . there's something about duchovny that makes me uneasy . regardless of the role he's playing , he comes off as a weirdo . the only redeeming quality of " return to me " is its hilarious supporting cast . the circle of friends and relatives around bob and grace is constantly playing matchmaker , and they generate the only laughs in the movie . carroll o'connor is grace's grandfather marty o'reilly . when bob comes into marty's restaurant after hours , marty immediately begins quizzing bob about his marital status . when marty discovers that bob is a widower , he invites bob to join his poker game and introduces him with the declaration , " this is bob ! his wife is dead ! " the poker buddies are just as desperate to find a mate for grace and greet bob enthusiastically when they hear the news . also funny : bonnie hunt as grace's best friend megan and james belushi as megan's husband joe . married with children , megan and joe provide a useful counterpoint by showing the mundane results of romance . although it's rare to see him in a movie that premieres in a theater , belushi delivers his lines with great comic skill . rounding out the impressive supporting cast are david alan grier as bob's best friend and robert loggia as marty's brother-in-law angelo . in only the lead actors lived up to the standards set by the rest of the cast . bottom line : if you are compelled to see this movie , watch it on video so you can fast-forward to scenes with carroll o'connor and james belushi . 
" tina ! ! ! fetch me the axe ! ! ! " a favourite book of mine called the golden turkey awards relates the story that when mommie dearest was unleashed upon unsuspecting audiences back in 1981 , paramount soon realised they had a problem on their hands . it wasn't just the film's disappointing box office performance . indeed , in the coming years some people would be going back to see it two , three , even six times . no , the main problem was that what was intended as a serious biopic of screen queen joan crawford was turning into the laugh riot of the year . in a desperate attempt to capitalise on this unexpected turn of events , some publicity hacks dreamed up outrageous print advertisements screaming : " mommie dearest : the biggest mommie of them all ! " . executives at paramount were appalled and soon had the ads withdrawn , but it was all too late . mommie dearest was already cementing its place in camp cinema history . unfortunately , faye dunaway's energetic , at times ridiculously over-the-top performance is about the film's only redeeming feature . based on daughter christina crawford's trashy biography , mommie dearest chronicles a series of mainly private events in the life of her moviestar mother . if you believe this movie , it was a life was racked by obsession , lonliness , child abuse and rampant egomania . the film begins with crawford adopting two children , and concludes in the office of her lawyer where her now grown-up daughter and son find out they have been left out of their mother's will . joan always wanted her kids to be able to fend for themselves , you see . but that's about the only thread in the narrative that manages to survive to the film's end . the script - laboured over by four writers , a bad sign in itself - is a poorly connected series of episodes that builds little dramatic momentum . frank perry's direction is no more than competent , and dunaway's bitchy lines aside , the dialogue is flat and uninvolving . in fairness , the film's second half ditches some of the cartoon hysterics and does develop a degree empathy for its characters . when the adult christina moves out of home into her own modest dwelling , joan visits and keeps in touch , not helping her financially but encouraging christina's own acting and career ambitions . crawford does seem to care about her daughter , but you can sense the emotional distance and feel some of their pain . you also get glimpses of what the film could have been in the hands of better writers . ah , but there is dunaway's performance . and what a delicious piece of campery it often is . having just been sacked by her studio after a run of box office duds , crawford storms home late at night and proceeds to go ballistic in the garden . she has the maid drag the kids out of bed to come down and clean up the mess she's making . spotting a young tree she doesn't like the look of , she turns to the trembling christina and utters the immortal line " tina ! ! fetch me the axe ! ! " with which she proceeds to enthusiastically dismember the poor sapling . in the film's most outrageous scene , joan realises that some of her daughter's clothes are hanging on wire coat hangers . oh dear ! sounds like the perfect excuse for another temper tantrum , doesn't it ? this time she gives her daughter a horrible beating while delivering another classic outburst : " no . . . wire . . . hangers . . . . ever ! ! ! ! " . and later , when the board of her late husband's company pepsi cola tries to divest her of her directorship , she displays a superb grasp of business etiquette by jumping to her feet and roaring : " don't fuck with me , fellas ! ! " . oh joy ! something of a camp classic , then , but if that's not you're cup of tea then mommie dearest doesn't have too much to recommend it . better you see the real crawford in the women ( 1939 ) , mildred pierce ( 1945 ) or whatever happened to baby jane ( 1962 ) . great films distinguished by great performances , and a far more eloquent testament to this great woman than frank perry's shrieking piece of tabloid froth . 
when i originally saw the trailer for " analyze this " a few months ago , i must admit , i thought it looked kind of lame . and then when the commercials started popping up a week or two ago , i thought it looked outright bad . but then when " analyze this " finally opened a few days ago , an odd thing happened . it got great reviews . critics were proclaiming it " hilarious " and a " dead-on parody of mob movies " . well , with praise like that , i figured , it must be good and so i headed off to the theater . you know that expression that says always trust your gut instincts ? well , turns out that expression is more valid than i ever gave it credit for . " analyze this " is slow , unfunny , and badly acted . don't get me wrong , i think that deniro is one of the top ten greatest actors of the century , but he is just out of his league here . i think the problem is he didn't quite know how to approach this material . he plays his character , mob boss paull vitti , somewhere in between the realm of comedy and drama . if he had played the character straight , along the lines of leslie nielson in the " naked gun " series , he probably would have been a lot more successful . as it is , though , he plays the character completely serious at some moments , and for laughs at others . this doesn't work . it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it's him . and the movie is badly paced , too . it never takes off . it just crawls from one scene to another without any forward momentum . i think the blame for this should be placed on the script . it's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie doesn't really go anywhere . the formula of the film seems to be this : billy crystal says no to deniro , deniro forces him , and much wackiness ensues . this formula of sorts is repeated several times throughout the movie . i've said it before and i'll say it again : the only thing that matters to me in a comedy is whether or not it's funny . if " analyze this " had been funny , the pacing and bad acting wouldn't have bothered me . i would have been too busy laughing to notice . but as it is , i only chuckled a few times . the only really funny scene is a dead-on parody of " the godfather " . sadly , though , i don't think anyone in the audience i saw it with realized it was a parody , because i was the only one laughing . but my sense of humour , i have come to realize , is vastly different from the general population . i loathed " there's something about mary " , yet loved " baseketball " . now , if you want a movie that * i * think is funny , go out and see " office space " . it's full of genuine laughs and won't leave you glancing at your watch every 10 minutes , as " analyze this " did . 
it's a sad state of affairs when the back box blurb is more exciting than the movie contained within it . such is the case for the 1990 paul mayersberg film _the last samurai_ . though the blurb alludes to " a jungle filled with political intrigue , uneasy alliances , and murderous enemies at every turn , " the story of the movie is actually quite simple ( and prosaic ) : a middle-aged japanese businessman named endo ( played by john fujioka ) and his assistant , both of whom have samurai aspirations , travel to africa in search of his ancestor , who went to bring buddhism to africa . he hires the services of down-at-the-heels vietnam veteran pilot johnny congo ( the redoubtable lance henriksen ) and his girlfriend ( arabella holzbog ) , and travels to the camp of an arms-merchant-cum-safari-host- cum-islamic-missionary ( john saxon ) and his wife ( lisa eilbacher ) . they are all kidnapped by an african revolutionary guerilla with witch-doctor aspirations to conceal a pre-arranged arms deal , which subsequently falls through . congo escapes , finds endo's ancestor's sword , and comes back , guns blazing , to free the rest of them , and endo kills the revolutionary with the sword . the end . _the last samurai_ is one of those movies that is neither bad enough nor good enough to be enjoyable . it is merely _there_ . the murky plot is filled with subtexts that are never elaborated , subplots that are never explained , and many scenes that make very little sense at all . the film is shot through with all the tired old " inscrutable japanese samurai " and zen stereotypes that are to be expected from an american movie . it is quite slow-paced , with only a bit of action near the end , and the final duel between endo and the terrorist is quite anticlimactic . most of the acting is fair , with the possible exception of congo's girlfriend . lance henriksen is his usual scene-chewing self , and is one of few possible reasons anyone might conceivably have for seeing this movie . the only other bright spot is the sweeping african scenery . i paid $3 for this film , from the discount rack at best buy , and halfway suspect i overpaid for it . if you are in the mood for samurai , read a clavell novel or watch a kurusawa movie . skip _the last samurai_ unless you are a die-hard henriksen fan . 
house on haunted hill ( 1999 ) starring taye diggs , geoffrey rush , ali larter , famke janssen , peter gallagher , bridgette wilson , max perlich , lisa loeb , james marsters , and chris kattan . directed by william malone , written by dick beebe , " house on haunted hill " initializes itself to the audience with a scene involving zombie-like mental patients attacking and murdering doctors in the goriest ways possible . one doctor is killed instantly after having a pencil rammed completely through his neck . a nurse has her head forced into a barrel of water . these mobs of zombies presented are like those in previous b-horror flicks , with grunting noises and cadaverous movements . except this time , at the end of the millenium , the film is given the power to show exactly how horrific these creatures can be . in past horror films , the actual murder scenes are left out or not shown forcing the viewer to assume their own nasty bloody deaths for the hapless victims . " house on haunted hill " doesn't want their audience to have an imagination , everything is provided for them to watch and squirm , not think . this nonsense violence thrown out of nowhere is unfortunately the most refreshing part about this film . " house on haunted hill " , which is based on the 1958 film of the same title , introduces a handful of characters as quickly as it can , following the opening blood fest . the film has no intention of providing character development or a laudable plot . the aim here is to scare the audience with chilling , unexpected shots of blood , guts , and mayhem . however , the film is neither scary nor unpredictable . the plot involves five people who are dared to spend the night in a haunted house for one million dollars by an amusement park owner ( geoffrey rush ) . each character is a failure in the external world and acknowledges that they would do anything for that money . since the characters are immediately generalized as either greedy or caring , the expectations of who will survive or not is killed five minutes after you meet them . the problem is that every character is not likable . the two who come closest to being civilized are a womanizer ( taye diggs - who should be doing films a lot better than this with all of his talent ) and a businesswoman who accepts being womanized ( ali larter ) . the characters presented are so annoying and pathetic , that it is hard to cheer for them or scream them . the worst character in this film , or maybe in any film released this year , is chris kattan's watson pritchett . he spends the whole film whining about the spooky house in a tone so irritating and inappropriate , that he unintentionally begins to seem more evil than the house itself . waiting for pritchett to die , was a strenuously difficult act to sit through . the most humorous actor of the bunch is geoffrey rush playing steven price ( an homage to victor price who starred in the original ) . playing the rich man who supposedly organized the party , he plays the role perfectly in a twisted way where it is obvious that he is up to something just by the expressions on his face . however , rush is pretty much wasted in a confusing subplot involving a hateful marriage with evelyn price , played by famke janssen . the main problem is that " house on haunted hill " is not scary . to top off that huge disappointment , every actor was wasted and the script was completely ludicrous . if the annoying characters and hilariously bad dialogue were intentionally underdeveloped ( similar to " deep blue sea " ) , the goal for creating a creepy , suspenseful action film was completely missed . 
what are the warning signs of a * terrible * movie ? making it's debut at the dollar theater ? locally , chairman of the board did just that . having the annoying prop comic scott thompson ( better known as carrot top ) in the lead role ? chairman of the board , once again . how about an overly exhausted , paper thin plot approached with utter incompetence ? did somebody say chairman of the board ? that's right , carrot top's long dreaded major motion picture debut ( at least for a starring role ) is poking up in a handful of theaters across the country . chairman of the board stars the obnoxious , wannabe-zany king of redheaded standup comics as a lazy but creative , inventive but uneventful generation x- er named edison . living with a pair of surfer dudes in a small , rented house , edison bounces from job to job , always squandering away the money on his eccentric ( to say the least ) inventions and ignoring crucial responsibilities such as rent . this has the crabby landlady , ms . krubavitch ( estelle harris , best known as george constanza's mother on " seinfeld " ) , threatening an eviction if past due expenses aren't furnished post haste . as luck would have it , edison soon meets armand mcmillan ( jack warden ) , an old surfer dude who just so happens to be president of the multi-million dollar mcmillan industries . sharing a passion for more than just riding waves , armand is deeply impacted by the young inventor's notebook of dreams and ideas , and when the old man dies soon afterward , edison learns he is named a benefactor in armand's will . predictably , edison acquires the entire corporation and has to maintain productivity with absolutely no knowledge of the business world . predictably , there is a bitter nephew ( larry miller ) whose lesser inheritance fuels resentment that will lead to an elaborate sabotage plot . predictably , there is an attractive employee ( courtney thorne-smith ) whose initial repulsion will transform into love for our doofy protagonist . predictably , the man who knows nothing will fight against the odds and give the company it's most profitable and successful turnaround ever , all because he ran things by common sense and not greed . it's as though writers turi meyer , al septien , and alex zamm ( meyer and septien also wrote leprechaun 2 together ! ) pulled a plot out of a hat and worked carrot top into it . the jokes , the " surprises " , the developments - all of them run such a predictable path , it may only be carrot top's signature brazen red hairdo that sets this one apart from the myriad of similar films . a movie this bad speaks for itself . what's left to say when every element the movie possesses is a shameful retread of movies past ? the script is 100% recycled , the direction is hokey , and the acting is absolutely horrible . it is only thorne-smith who seems to take her job seriously , an accomplishment which surely deserves the medal of honor . she certainly went beyond the call of duty - she has to kiss carrot top ! ! ! ! ! ! ( barf bag , please ! ) movies like this give the audience nothing to do but ponder just how many synonyms for " bad " there really are . chairman of the board , without a doubt , deserves each and every one . the only way this won't end up on everybody's " bottom ten of the year " list , is if they were lucky enough never to have seen it . just because you can't miss his outlandish fiery mane , don't skimp on avoiding this abhorrent feature . 
" with all that education , you should know what happiness is . " starring sylvia chang , teresa hu , hsu ming , li lieh , mao hsueh-wei ; directed by edward yang ; written by yang and wu nien-chen ; cinematography by christopher doyle and chang hui-kung every country has , eventually , its new wave . france had its nouvelle vague , brazil its cinema novo , china its fifth generation , and on and on . some waves just take longer than others , before they wash over us , cleansing us with the balm of discovery . taiwan's new wave came in the 1980s , in the work of directors like hou hsiao-hsien , wan jen , and edward yang ; that day , on the beach--yang's first feature--is central . it created a new language for young taiwanese directors , even if the first attempts to speak that language were hesitant and faltering . later works refined the techniques that yang first explored here , giving taiwan a distinctive international presence . that day itself is long and frustrating , the document of a nation's attempt to find a voice . it does not lack ambition . it anatomizes urban life in modern taiwan , in the manner of antonioni , elaborating the alienation that the westernized white-collar middle-class feel as their lives are shaped by old-fashioned roles--dedicated career men , loyal housewives--that they find unfulfilling . jia-li ( sylvia chang ) is the focus , but the film brings others into its compass--her husband , her brother , friends from her college days--as it charts her discontents . no one is happy . jia-li married her husband , we-lei , at a young age . at the time , her brother had been urged into an arranged marriage , despite his affection for another woman , and so jia-li's marriage seemed , in comparison , a good one : she chose we-lei of her own free will , they loved each other . but it goes wrong . that day dutifully presents all the clich ? s : we-lei becomes absorbed in his career , indulges in an affair with a co-worker ; jia-li feels restless and trapped , bound by a choice she made while young , but which no longer seems wise . the film never redeems these clich ? s by conveying the feel of authentic experience , the intensity of lived pain , and much of it seems trite and belaboured . it unfolds , awkwardly , as a series of flashbacks , told during a luncheon in vienna , where jia-li meets her brother's old flame ( teresa hu ) , now a concert pianist , whom she has not seen since college . both women seem rather sad , and resigned to their sadness . their circumstances ( and those of jia-li's brother and a college friend ) suggest not so much that they have made the wrong choices--married the wrong man , chosen the wrong career path , etc . --but rather that the choices available to them were inadequate . it is not that jia-li married the wrong man ; she didn't . the problem is that she needed to marry at all--and that if she did not marry , she would still be just as unhappy . for a woman in modern taiwan , that day tells us , the cards are stacked , the dice are loaded : she can play the game , but the house always wins . the film's sympathetic feminist implications are presumably the reason it caused such controversy upon its release in taiwan . seen now , it does not seem provocative . indeed , it's hard to imagine anyone having felt passionate enough about the film to generate any controversy : it may be ambitious , it may be innovative , but it is also terribly , terribly dull . and what was new for taiwan was not necessarily new for the rest of us : yang adopts methods established years before by antonioni and others , and his use of those methods is fumbling , uncertain , undisciplined . nor does he bring anything new--other than the locale--to the material . there are moments when that day takes on some of the emotional richness it strives for--in a young couple's first kiss , in the awkward meeting of a woman and her husband's mistress--but they are brief . too often , yang devotes needless time to mundane scenes--grocery shopping , flower-arranging--in which nothing happens , little is said , no emotion imparted . perhaps , if the film were content to focus on such reflective , inward moments , leaving us to guess at thoughts and feelings , it might have been ambiguous , suggestive , insinuating . but jia-li and her disaffected companions do not only brood in silence : they talk about their problems , at length , in detail , redundantly , and eliminate all subtleties . at two hours and forty-five minutes , it all seems exorbitantly long , indulgently long-winded . consider the defining moment for jia-li , the titular day on the beach . the thrust of the whole film explains , easily enough , what we are to think of that moment , what it means when she walks away from a particular situation . even so , the film has not one but two characters explain it for us verbally , in case we may have missed the point . needless time is devoted to expressing what should have remained unexpressed , and that is the problem throughout . the look of the film is as tedious as the drawn-out narrative . it was the first feature shot by christopher doyle--at least , it's his name in the credits--who is now rightly regarded as one of the world's leading cinematographers . in the freewheeling expressionism of his work with directors like chen kaige and wong kar-wai , he seems incapable of fashioning a boring image . you would never know it from watching that day , which , due either to doyle's inexperience or yang's humdrum direction , is almost perverse in its insistence on making the physical environment seem as drab and banal as possible . in scrutinizing the long decay of a marriage , that day manages to capture the ennui of the experience , but none of the damage , none of the heartbreak . 
the u . s . army utilizes a number of books known as field manuals which stipulate the specific way in which almost every action imaginable must be done . one particular field manual is known as the fm 22-5 , which among other things , covers the practice of saluting . under the " saluting " section is a sub-section which covers how a salute is rendered by a military work detail in the presence of a superior officer . the salute is rendered by the highest-ranking individual present when the superior officer comes within six paces of the detail , and is dropped when the officer passes six paces from the detail . in any event , the salute is rendered only by the man ( or woman ) in charge , rather than by the whole group . almost at the very beginning of the general's daughter , we see a general's motorcade passing a work detail . everyone salutes . it looked impressive , but it just wasn't right . that little bit showed me that someone either didn't do the appropriate research , or made the conscious decision to go with style over substance for the scene . in fact , this would serve as a metaphor for the rest of the picture , as it seems director simon west tried so hard to craft a film with atmosphere and flash that he forgot a coherent story and good characterization are also crucial to a good movie . what results is a film that looks good , but like that one scene , just isn't right . the first fifteen minutes of the film is a good example . paul brenner ( john travolta ) is an agent for the army's criminal investigation division , undercover at a georgia army base to investigate an illegal arms sale . prior to the transaction , the buyer gets a whiff that brenner isn't the unscrupulous supply sergeant he's supposed to be , and later that night attempts to kill him by shooting up the houseboat on which brenner is living . so ensues a cat and mouse action sequence which ends like a certain scene in raiders of the lost ark ( we'll just say that it involves propellers ) . brenner then receives new orders when the commanding general's daughter , captain elisabeth campbell ( leslie stefanson ) , is found naked , bound , and dead on one of the base's training ranges . he is teamed with rape investigator sarah sunhill ( madeleine stowe ) to uncover the truth about the peculiarly gruesome murder . what i want to know is why the whole action scene with the arms buyer was even necessary . it gives no insight into brenner , other than the fact that he's a little cocky . does the arms subplot turn up later ? no , so why add this extra running time to the film ? the answer : it looked cool . or how about the " atmosphere " ? the beginning of the general's daughter presents us with imagery of the deep south - thick trees , dirt roads , sultry colors over water - all backed up with bayouesque music . nice immersion in the setting , but it soon doesn't matter , for when the film's plot shifts over to the murder investigation , so does the entire mood . no attention is paid to the location of the story , and the music is altered to fit a very generic thriller theme . did the filmmakers start out thinking they were making a different movie ? instead of creating a cohesive atmospheric theme for the entire film , we get the distraction of one of theme followed by another , just because the director thought he should show off some of the countryside . the above examples also serve to illustrate that inconsistency is another problem with this movie . as i've already mentioned , an entire section of the film doesn't jibe with the rest , and the characterization only adds to the difficulty . brenner , who comes across as a man with little respect for authority , suddenly snaps to in the presence of general campbell ( james cromwell ) and utters some of the corniest " yes , sir " s i've ever heard . he even delivers an emotion-charged monologue about why he will work so hard to catch the person who killed the general's daughter , even though he was totally flippant about the whole thing just a couple of minutes previous . sunhill , who initially comes across as a professional investigator , utilizes a couple of blatantly illegal methods to obtain information , and even revels in her ingenuity . both characters are protagonists , but it's hard to get behind them when their personalities are all over the place , and in some cases , simply unappealing . i could imagine that during filming , west would shoot a scene , then take the actors aside and tell them , " let's do it again , but this time , i want more . " i say this because although travolta and stowe are normally very good , in this film they overact in most of their scenes . an even worse offender is clarence williams iii as the general's aide , colonel fowler . i swear the guy says all of his lines from the position of attention . a far cry from his days as linc in " the mod squad " , i can't help but think he was acting from west's direction . a couple of side characters including a west point psychologist ( john beasly ) and a young female private ( ariyan a . johnson ) make their scenes nearly impossible to bear . the only two actors who seem to have escaped west's influence are james woods , who provides a good performance as colonel moore , elisabeth's mentor at the psychological operations unit , and timothy hutton as colonel kent of the military police . woods relishes the role of a man whose job is playing with people's minds , and does so without ever taking it over the top . hutton just kind of hangs around , but at least he wasn't overacting . i haven't read the nelson demille novel on which this movie was based , but i'll bet more than a few dollars that the story was better in book form . the movie version has got characters which come and go with little or nothing to do except fill up space , or provide bits of information which seem to neither mean anything in terms of advancing the story nor reveal any significance once the whole story is finished . every time we're presented with some new aspect to the case , west gives us more of that flash by playing it up like it's the most momentous discovery ever , but the information is not used by the investigators at all . instead , when conclusions are drawn , they are such tremendous leaps of faith that you wonder if successful investigations are not based on facts , but lucky guesses instead . the army should have saved time by bringing in brennan and sunhill , letting them play a game of twenty questions with the suspects , then letting them guess who the killer was . would've been over in a half hour . the film finishes with a sort of bookend , featuring the same style and southern scenery as the very beginning . literally during the closing credits , we get to see brennan get in his car and drive off , then we get to see sunhill get in her car and drive off . they both seem kind of happy . maybe they were driving away from simon west . 
movies based on video games , such as street fighter or mario bros . , have never generated much interest at the box office . but when the first mortal kombat movie came out in 1995 , it did surprisingly well . with a simple story , a pulsating soundtrack , and lots of awesomely choreographed fight scenes , the movie moved quickly and displayed lots of energy . it got my vote for 'the movie where i expected the least and got the most' . and , if you haven't had the opportunity , i would definitely recommend that you see it on video . in the world of mortal kombat , based on the popular arcade game , dark forces from outworld try to infiltrate earth's realm with the ulimate goal of total conquest and the destruction of humanity . the mortal kombat refers to a competition , fought by human mortals against outworld's minions , which if won , will guarantee earth's safety for another generation . mk2 picks up almost immediately after the humans return victoriously from competition . despite their victory , however , a gateway has somehow opened , and outworld continues in its quest to conquer earth . outworld's warriors include an impressive collection of fighters , including shao kahn , mintoro ( a centaur ) , sheeva ( a four-armed ogre ) , and sindel . earth's mortal warriors , under the leadership of the benevolent god , lord rayden , includes liu kang , princess kitana , sonya blade and jax , who must fight against outworld's forces . it's an easy enough premise , but unfortunately ( very unfortunately ) , the writers try to do too much with the movie . it is only a video game , after all , but the on-screen version tries to go beyond it's comic book boundaries by adding depth , a conceptualization of self-worth , and worst of all , a love story . this becomes very awkward , because all of the players are fighters and nothing more . they are likable and impressive when they are showcasing their martial arts and fighting skills , but look extremely awkward and uncomfortable when they are required to actually act . this becomes embarrassingly apparent , for example , as the movie tries to develop a romantic bond between liu kang and princess kitana . the original mk was smart in letting the players do what they do best . they spoke little , but fought a lot . thus , the movie was easy to digest . however , mk2 tries to give these players a certain amount of depth , an element that was lacking in the first movie , but the attempt here fails miserably . this uneasy feeling is readily apparent , for example , whenever you hear lord rayden speak . not only does he talk in riddles and offer enigmatic ( e . g . useless ) advice , but he speaks so slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom . try reading this half as fast , and you'll hear what i mean . but the movie is not a complete fatality . fight scenes are well-choreographed , highlighted by terrific acrobatics and agility . and players of the game will be rewarded with the inclusion of practically every character from the video game , although their screen time amounts to nothing more than a cameo . even if you're not familiar with the video game , each fighter has their own costume and unique weaponry to easily differentiate themselves . but it's just too little of what movie-goers and especially fans of the game will expect . oddly , the inclusion of the human element actually pollutes the purity of the mortal kombat essence . and the poor acting results in a muddled movie that offers the viewing audience little chance for survival . ( i am now talking very slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom ) . rent the first one , but the sequel is for kombat fans only . 
i have never been a " star trek " fan , and , to tell the truth , out of the five films in the series that i have seen ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 8 , 9 ) , i have disliked all of them . i do , however , always go into one of these with an open mind , and the ninth film in the series , " star trek : insurrection , " is no exception . dropping almost completely the hard-core sci-fi element of the previous one in the series , " first contact , " " insurrection , " tells the story of a planet that holds only 600 people , known as the ba'ku , as well as the fountain of youth . at the start of the picture , the villagers go under attack by a second alien species , known as the son'a , who want to push all of the ba'ku out so that their own race will not die out . also attacking the ba'ku is data ( brent spiner ) , a robot from the star trek enterprise . after returning to jean-luc picard ( patrick stewart ) and the gang on their space ship , no one can understand why data was somehow taken over by another force . so several of the star trek members travel down to the planet of the ba'ku , where picard meets up and starts to fall in love with one of the inhabitants , a sultry , kind alien woman ( donna murphy ) , who is over six-hundred-years-old , but looks to only be in her thirties . " star trek : insurrection , " is a completely unoriginal and cheap-looking installment in the series , and is a big step down from , 1996's " first contact , " which at least appeared to try to make something a bit different . in , " insurrection , " however , it plays like a low-rent episode of the television show , due to the small-scale , generic storyline , and an emphasis on one-liners rather than excitement . the film was filled with nearly non-stop comedy , and worse yet , most of it fell flatter than a cartoon character that drops off a cliff . meanwhile , when there were action sequences , they were not at all interesting or inventive , relying on that old reliable ticking timer that counts down very , very slowly . this plot device , which is seen in just about every action film made nowadays , is getting old fast . are filmmakers so bankrupt of ingenuity and ideas that they must always have a timer ticking away during the climax ? another element of , " star trek , " films in general is that picard seems to always have to have a love interest , but then she always miraculously disappears when the next film is made two or three years later . although donna murphy , who falls victim to this thankless love interest role here , is actually one of the few characters that we get to know in the 103-minute running time , alfre woodard was far superior in , " first contact . " she should have returned for this one , but i don't blame her for not wanting to waste her time with this movie's disappointing and often lifeless screenplay , by michael piller . " star trek : insurrection , " is perhaps the weakest film in the " star trek , " series , although i have not seen what is widely considered the worst , " star trek v : the final frontier . " " insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non-fans , since it is so low-tech compared to most of today's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts . on second thought , they probably should have completely thrown the script out . that way , they could have come up with a story that at least had a sign of intelligence and freshness . 
like a good action film should , " metro " has action that keeps you involved . some action films have action sequences that are so conventional , our attention is detracted and diverted by other thoughts . " the ghost in the darkness , " which opened a few months ago , is a film that s action was so bland and uninvolving , it not only invited my thoughts to divert me , it nearly put me asleep . but " metro " is one of the best action films in a while . it is hip , sharp , nifty , and has nice little pieces of suspense and comedy . eddie murphy was in bad shape for a while . and this invites me to mention last year s " the nutty professor , " which was his blessed revival back to the position at which he used to be . " metro " happens to be a lot better than any film in the " beverly hills cop " series . that is because " metro " takes itself seriously , but doesn t prevent itself from having a little fun . eddie murphy is at his best in the roles of responsible , and controlled people . the " beverly hills cop " movies all featured eddie as a reckless , wild cop , always crossing the line by just an inch . in " metro " he plays a hostage negotiator , so negotiation is his job , not his hobby or his preferred way out of trouble . his character in " metro " takes himself seriously . eddie murphy s mischievous trademark grin is hardly anywhere to be found in " metro , " and perhaps it is quite better off that way . murphy plays scott roper , and as i previously mentioned , he is a san francisco hostage negotiator . in the first tense situation in the film , we are introduced to roper s kind of work , as he tries to calm down a confused , unkempt young criminal who has taken captive the entire capacity of the san francisco bank he is holding up . murphy handles the scene seriously , without his usual happy-go-lucky , misfit humor . the film develops when its villain is established , and the villain here is the beguiling michael korda , a jewel thief , and murderer who likes to let cops know of his hostage fatalities by giving them the ear of the victim . " metro " takes different twists and slight turns , and there is one great , virtuoso chase scene , involving the a cable car . cars flip . cars crash . cars turn over . and it is done so good in this film , i was reminded of " speed , " and the speeding bus that couldn t go under fifty mile per hour for very significant reasons . there are also some other good scenes in " metro " that a lot of films would rather choose not to have . scenes like the one with roper and his new partner are at the horse track roper is a gambler who knows all the tricks and roper teaches his partner a few little methods of betting and winning . of course , the writers tried to disguise the scene as being insignificant by having roper draw parallels between hostage negotiation and gambling . the scenes between roper and his girlfriend are nice , too . those are the scenes that make up " metro , " which is mainly about eddie murphy s maturing as a personality . the actor that i most enjoyed seeing in " metro " was michael rapaport , who plays roper s new partner , a lip-reading , book-skimming genius , and a master of observation . it was not the actor s presence that pleased me as much as the role he was cast in the role of a proclaimed genius . rapaport is an actor who i usually see in the role of the dimwit the really , really dopey dimwit . i hardly recognized him in " metro , " and it was quite a joy to be able to see him in a role like this i feel that i respect him more . there are two main types of villains in movies like this : the ones that are part of the story , and the ones that are devices . the villain in " metro " is no more than a device , but he is a darn good villain nonetheless . he is played by michael wincott , whose voice is pushed out in a abraded rasp , as if he smokes a cigarette between every take . wincott makes his villain , korda , as mean as could be , the classic type of villain who would push an old lady down a flight of stairs just for kicks , like richard widmark in " kiss of death . " and , in addition , wincott s physical appearance and mannerisms , in the film , actually reminded my of an arrogant friend i use to have , who is no longer on my good list . i liked " metro , " and i do not think would have worked with any other actor but eddie murphy . his past roles were the great ones but they were also a precursor to the maturing that would later take place , possibly from murphy s growing as a person , now having a family . " metro " is a no-nonsense movie . it works as a buddy movie , which it does not overplay . it works as a dry comedy , which it does not overplay . it works as a suspense film , which it does not overplay . and it works as an action film , where it does have a tendency to occasionally go all-out . but who cares ? it still remains serious , and it does not overdo itself . oh , and there were plenty of explosions in " metro , " as well . how nice it was of the filmmakers to give us those . if there is one major objection i had to " metro " , it was the length , an area where a lot of action films seem to wear out their welcomes . " metro " is a film that lasted a little too long , but it was still entertaining , and it gave me something to do while i waited for it to end . paul haynes " > 
i don't appreciate it when a thriller manipulates the viewer into thinking the plot is interesting , when in fact it's ludicrous . in the case of the general's daughter , the plot is more than capable of intriguing you to a certain point . but at this juncture in the story , the movie begins to fall apart like a crumbling cookie . this predictable summer thriller is only sporadically involving , and that is unfortunately not enough to compensate for all of it's detailed flaws . get past one moment early on where john travolta exercises his southern accent , and you're likely to survive this entire movie . travolta plays criminal investigations divisions officer paul brenner , who's working undercover at a military base when another situation arises : the apparent rape and murder of a young female officer ( leslie stefanson ) . it turns out that the victim is the daughter of general joe campbell ( james cromwell ) . let the investigation begin . with the assistance of fellow cid investigator sarah sunhill ( played rather on-the-sidelines by madeleine stowe ) , brenner uncovers what appears to be an intricate and bizarre homicide case . things begin to get marginally engrossing when we meet colonel moore ( james woods ) , a former commanding officer of the deceased who has a few secrets up his sleeve . woods submits another scene-stealing performance here as he oozes authority , surrounded by clouds of smoke emitted from his cigar . with echoes of his supporting role in true crime , in which he duked it out with clint eastwood in enjoyably profane verbal exchanges , he makes every moment believable . here though , the intense dialogue comes care of confrontations with travolta , as the two send mindful , knowing glares across the room . there are many scenes such as this in the general's daughter , in which the veteran cast performs splendidly under pressure , but the circumstances that tie these meetings together are difficult to absorb . director simon west ( con air ) , shows a watchful eye of delivering a stylish looking thriller , but he fails miserably when it comes to the intellectual part of it . the general's daughter is , more often than not , a predictable and unexciting mess . it does not help matters that the plot is virtually actionless , dragging it's heels all the way at a mind-numbing snails pace . a few brief action scenes , marvelously handled in the editing department , show that the movie could have delivered such a more proficient package . from a director who does such a great job of staging explosions and miraculous stunts , i suggest west should stick with mindless , rip-roaring action features and attempt to avoid future projects like this . still , the movie is certainly not without it's merits . the acting is very good from the majority of the experienced cast . the performances range from commanding ( travolta ) to electric ( woods ) to stiff-as-a-board ( cromwell , who doesn't show off his real talents here ) . madeleine stowe manages to hold her own for a while , but as the female lead in an action-thriller , she doesn't pull through sufficiently . one of the problems with the execution is that it's very predictable . >from minute one , i had few doubts about the identity of the killer in question . the script even unwillingly points him out for us , using familiar techniques to hide his guilt until the unmasking toward the end . in all fairness , we've seen many of the devices used in the general's daughter put to greater effect in other films . the secrets behind the girl's mysterious death are explained gradually , but by the resolution we have tunneled through so much malarkey that it feels unnecessary and surprisingly silly . the general's daughter is not a terrible movie , and it is involving enough to sustain a viewer's attention span for a certain period of time . but it just could have been so much better . 
you would think that this film's dismal failure would be due to american filmmakers getting hold of a brilliant british comedy and " americanizing " it . you'd be wrong , since full blame can be placed on the very folks who wrote and created the series : rowan atkinson , robin driscoll , and richard curtis . should you ever happen to meet those chaps , do me a favor . grab them by the hair and yell really loudly in their ear , " what were you thinking ? ! have you ever heard the phrase 'if it ain't broke don't fix it' ? ! " then walk away . the film concerns mr . bean ( atkinson ) and his visit to america while escorting the painting of " whistler's mother " to an american buyer ( played by burt reynolds , in the type of bit part that his success in " boogie nights " should hopefully do away with ) . now how or why mr . bean is sent on this trip makes no sense , and i can't even describe how the film explains it . the point is that mr . bean comes to america and causes wacky trouble . problems problems problems , where to begin ? first , the score music from the tv show has been completely replaced by score that is either at times one note away from the score from " beetlejuice " or one note away from the score from " rob roy " . then , the song choices are totally uninspired . " good vibrations " ? " i love l . a . " ? wow , don't put any thought into that guys . also , bean makes way too much noise in the film . the character doesn't speak much , but in the series you really only heard the laughter of the audience , and maybe the occasional murmur from mr . bean . each episode was like a chaplin silent movie . in the film , bean is constantly moaning , grunting , whining , etc . it's annoying , and just plain wrong for the character . the main problem though is that it's just not funny . with each episode of the series there would be dozens of really great laughs crammed into less than 30 minutes . multiply that running time by three however , and the laughs steadily decrease . they even have the gaul to repeat jokes from the series . sad , and creatively lazy . as a series , " mr . bean " only ran for about 13 episodes or so . why on earth did atkinson and the gang decide it was time to completely rework everything ? 13 half-hour episodes certainly hadn't exhausted all possible situations . all i can say positively for the film at this point is that it's almost appropriate for all ages , if it wasn't for a couple of scenes where it appears as though mr . bean is having sex with things . and even that isn't a very positive statement . please guys , go back to england and go back to television so you'll make me laugh again . [pg-13] 
the most depressing thing about the depressingly pedestrian james bond film " the world is not enough " is its final frame : white letters on a black background proclaiming " james bond will return . " oh i certainly hope not . with pierce brosnan in his third and reportedly last go-round as james bond 007 , " the world is not enough " is the best example to date that " 'enough " is enough . in this , the 19th chapter in the seemingly-endless franchise featuring ian fleming's debonair british secret agent who likes his martinis--and his nemeses--shaken not stirred , the sub-inspired screenwriters have chosen to rehash all of the setups , stunts , and sexy encounters of the previous 18 bond flicks rather than coming up with anything the slightest bit original . we've got previously-used speedboat chases , ski chases , and sticky situations aboard nuclear submarines . we've got a couple of hot-to-trot babes without an ounce of acting ability between them . we've got a post-cold war megalomaniac bent on world domination slash destruction ( here played by a skinheaded robert carlyle with mean , lean panache ) . and , as has been the case since 1977's " the spy who loved me , " we've got a plot that has nothing whatsoever to do with anything conceived by mr . fleming . we've also got a main title song by garbage to which , with very little effort , you can fit the lyrics to * both * songs from " tomorrow never dies . " while originality was never the series' strong suit , the films were almost always fun , with at least some thought going into the nonstop stunts . i can't think of one memorable set-piece in the entire--and very dull-- " the world is not enough . " in addition , michael apted ( yes , the respected director of such films as " coal miner's daughter , " " nell , " and the " 28up " documentary series ) takes embarrassing advantage of the full range of bond clich ? s . you get the " talking killer " plot device--you know the scenario : the bad guy has the good guy at his mercy yet waxes poetic just long enough to die of old age . and you get a slew of high-priced assassins who can't hit a barn door at 20 paces : in the film's opening minutes ( of an endless 128 ) , bond chases a sultry sniper along the thames and the leather-clad lovely fails to hit bond's souped-up " fishing boat " with a bazooka when he pulls within a few feet of her . later , she takes off in a hot air balloon with bond dangling from a guy rope beneath her but is still unable to take him out . these reliable absurdities are more frustrating than usual since there are no distractions other than occasional ads for luxury automobiles , vodka , or credit cards . in and among the rampant product placements , brosnan grapples with carlyle , " braveheart " 's sophie marceau ( as former kidnap victim slash heiress elektra king ; she's terrible ) , " wild things " ' denise richards ( as a nuclear physicist lord help me ; she's laughable ) , and judi dench as m . dame judi brings the only shred of dignity to a series that has long since jettisoned its self-respect ( about the time roger moore inherited bond's walther ppk ) . brosnan goes through the motions with the grace and charm you'd expect of the former " remington steele " star , but even he has to be thinking there's more to life than an easy paycheck . he's given plenty of wiseacre asides to deliver , but only one of them-- " i don't know any doctor jokes " --made me chuckle ( although " i thought christmas only comes once a year " is more in keeping with the series' penchant for grown-worthy puns ) . 
this was the last carry on movie ( if you discount 'carry on columbus' as a carry on movie ) and was made by a new production company . based in central london , this movie is about the attempts by emmanuelle prevert ( suzanne danielle ) to bed her husband emile the french ambassador ( kenneth williams ) . when he seems unwilling , she is given his permission to bed anyone she likes , such as the prime minister and the u . s . ambassador . her antics get her into trouble and the british press spread these rumours all over their front pages . she is invited to talk on television to set the record straight but only confirms the rumours instead . meanwhile , theodore valentine ( larry dann ) is in love with emmannuelle after a chance encounter in the toilet of the concorde and is determined to marry her . however , she is only interested in restoring her husband's ardour which seems a little difficult after emile's accident with a church spire ! this film is the second worst carry on movie , the worst being 'carry on england' . it is embarassing to see some of the remaining regulars struggle through this diabolical script by lance peters and try to pull off some of the crude and tasteless jokes that he has written . newcomers suzanne danielle and beryl reid ( as mrs . valentine ) are mildly funny , but larry dann as theodore is excruciatingly bad . kenneth williams only appears in a few scenes and his lacklustre performance is warranted , given the script . the small parts for jack douglas as lyons the butler , joan sims as mrs . dangle , kenneth connor as leyland the chauffeur , and peter butterworth as richmond , are worthless and embarassing . in fact , all four parts are surplus to requirements . however , the only humourous scene in the film is when the four of them and emmannuelle talk about their most amourous escapades . an awful script , a terrible collection of jokes , very poor production values ( especially the scene where emmannuelle takes her clothes off at st . james palace ) , a ludicrous and cringeworthy musical score , and a non-existent plot or storyline . its just a succession of awful set pieces about who emmannuelle will bed next ! jack douglas is not so annoying but is more boring , joan sims and peter butterworth are wasted , and kenneth connor and kenneth williams put in some poor performances as leyland and emile . a complete waste of time , this movie was trying to catch up with the new sexually permissive seventies . it was a certificate 15 film but by 1978 , there was little interest in this kind of film and it flopped at the box office and was only given its premiere on uk terrestrial television in april 1998 ! avoid at all costs ! 
toward the bottom of the '80s action movie barrel lies action jackson , the only movie in hollywood history to show sharon stone and vanity topless within a span of ten minutes . this carl " apollo creed " weathers vehicle features the traditional cop vs . evil establishment crook , and relies on all the '80s trappings , from the token heroin addict who needs a fix to the shouting superior officer . somewhere in between come the explosions and boobs , although there is a curious lack of exploding boobs . weathers is action jackson , a detroit cop known for all sorts of crazy vigilante techniques . speaking of one past criminal apprehension , jackson's superior yells , " you tore his arm off ! " jackson replies , " he had a spare . " jackson has been busted down to a desk job because of past problems with auto manufacturer dellaplane ( craig t . nelson ) and now has to act as department liaison to a dinner honoring nelson . after hearing what jackson thinks of him , stone says , " i take it you're not one of dellaplane's friends . " " not unless they changed the definition , " jackson glowers . and of course it turns out stone is mrs . dellaplane . faux pas , jackson . . . not everything is happy in motown ; people are being killed and dellaplane has evil plans for the awa . it's all up to jackson to stop it , and his only lead lies in vanity ( not his own ) . wherever she left off with prince in terms of exchanging sexual favors for career advancement she picks up in action jackson . she plays the heroin addict and chanteuse in dellaplane's nightclub . after singing one particularly sultry number for him , she saunters over and complains , " i expected a standing ovation . " he responds , " you're getting one , " and it's damn clever because he's sitting down at the time . prince wouldn't even let out an innuendo that lame and he's the king of the horndogs . . . or at least the prince . it's a testament to the '80s that sharon stone is killed off within the first 30 minutes but vanity survives the whole movie . action jackson is another variation on the " unlikely partners " buddy action flick , with jackson lugging junkie vanity around . this leads to some of the worst paired acting of the me decade , and with the dialogue they're given , there's not much room for improvement . my favorite is when vanity , feeling the effects of drug withdrawal , says , " i feel like my teeth are hollow , my gums are made of dry rubber and someone's trying to start a bonfire in the back of my bloody head . " jackson's response is , " i think i felt that way once . they called it love . " you'll understand when i say watch this at your own risk . serving the world for nearly 1/25th of a century ! 
the " fab 4 " of ronald reagan high are four stuck-up girls , played by rose mcgowan , rebecca gayheart , julie benz and charlotte roldan , who overdress like 4 posh spice wannabes . their daily ritual is to parade up and down the school halls like royalty , and their constant reflex action is to grab their compacts so they can check their make-up and powder their cheeks . under no circumstances will they ever let themselves be seen eating in public . in writer and director darren stein's jawbreaker , it isn't as funny as it sounds . in fact , it isn't funny at all . stein has taken the black comedy of a teen movie like heathers and stripped it of any intelligence , wit or charm . his actresses toss off their lines so fast that they don't have time to add any emotion . and all of his female characters have considerably more lipstick than brains . the setup for the movie has one of the fab 4 , liz , who is referred to as " the princess di of reagan high , " be killed when a prank by the other 3 goes wrong . the princess di reference is in bad taste , as is much of the movie . granted , bad taste can sometimes be funny , but the mere presence of bad taste doesn't guarantee it . liz's girlfriends stick a jawbreaker that is literally larger than a golf ball in her mouth , tape her mouth shut , and stick her bound body in the trunk of a car . when they open the trunk later , liz is dead . they eventually put her blue and bruised body into a sexual position and make it look like liz was the victim of a brutal rape . these realistic and disgusting scenes of a dead , seminude teen have a pornographic feeling that is hard to forget and will likely turn the stomach of many a viewer . the film's dialog not only isn't funny , it's trite . one nerdy young girl introduces herself with " my name is fern mayo , as in hold the mayo . " when fern discovers what has happened , the fab 3 make her an offer she can't refuse -- make-up ! they cake it on her and welcome her to the clan . the parents in the movie brag about learning parenting skills from watching oprah . the teachers fare no better , especially in the ridiculous lines they are given . " miss shayne , please cover your bosom , " one young teacher , who has been made up to look old and ugly , says without any conviction . " this is a learning institution , not a brothel . " besides the obvious question of why this movie was ever made , there is one other question that i'd like to ask the director . why do you have a phone number start with 555 if you going to cover the rest of the number anyway ? in a cameo , pam grier plays detective vera cruz , who investigates liz's murder . as she interrogates the other people , she stares at them like they are all idiots , proving that she is the only one that gets it . i am sure that if the hard nosed detective cruz were to see this movie , she'd walk out after about 5 minutes , and you'd be well advised to do the same if you should happen to find yourself in a theater showing it . jawbreaker runs 1 : 27 . it is rated r for violence , gore , profanity and sex . i would advise everyone to avoid it , but if teenagers go they should be older and mature . 
senseless is a prime example of what can happen when you try to push a one-joke concept a bit too far . director penelope spheeris is no stranger to this , having subjected audiences before to such tortures as the beverly hillbillies . marlon wayans stars as darryl witherspoon , a college senior vying for a lucrative job at a prominent brokerage . however , he lacks the advantages of his chief opposition , scott thorpe ( david spade , in the smarmy sort of role he can deliver in his sleep ) : an athletic record , sponsorship by a fraternity , and , most of all , a wealthy family to back him up . in fact , darryl has to work at four jobs simply to make ends meet . but there may be a light at the end of that tunnel . he signs up as a human guinea pig in a neurological experiment run by the university's dr . wheedon ( brad dourif ) . as a result , his senses are magnified tenfold . using his newfound abilities , he sets himself in complete pursuit of the job ( unaware that there may be some disadvantageous side-effects to having super senses ) . naturally , marlon wayans plays this comedy at full throttle , giving jim carrey-ish amounts of physical humor . the problem is , aside from a few genuinely inspired bits , there's not much that's funny here . the film has it's one central gag , and pads out the rest of its length with rather obvious lowbrow humor . there obviously wasn't much thought put into the plot . the entire job selection process is completely ridiculous . i mean , why the emphasis on extra-curricular activities if the entire job is going to come down to a single-elimination quiz anyhow ? and is this the only job being offered to economics majors this semester ? to give it credit , senseless does try to create a secondary joke with darryl's roommate , tim laflour ( matthew lillard ) . apparently , he is supposed to be faddish , but the film never does anything with him , leaving him in a piercing phase throughout the movie . his " intervention " scenes with darryl , however , do provide a rare , and welcome , laugh . and then there's the love interest which is always pathetically tacked onto comedies like this one . in this case , the object of darryl's amor is janice ( tamara taylor ) , a fellow student who won't have anything to do with darryl until he gains his super-senses . needless to say , the romance is completely extraneous , and adds little to the film . this is a film that desperately needed something else . be that a good plot , more jokes ( or simply funnier ones ) , or a strong character or two , anything would have helped senseless get off the ground . as it is , all the manic exuberant mugging in the world can't help marlon wayans get this one off the ground . 
capsule : this super-light situation comedy from sweden tells the story of two close friends with romantic problems . the script involves formerly taboo subjects like erotic toys and sexual enhancers but otherwise the writing is not a lot different from what is shown free on television . the characters are paper-thin and the interesting ideas purely non-existent . this is a decrement-life-by-90-minutes card . , 0 ( -4 to +4 ) jalla ! jalla ! is basically an exuberant tv situation comedy written instead for the wide screen . it tells the story of two park custodians and the problems they are finding on the path to true love . the film is set in sweden where roro and mans ( fares fares and torkel petersson ) are custodians at a public park . roro is from a tightly knit lebanese family who control him very closely , mans is a swede from a much more liberal background . they spend most of the day in the bushes at their park , cleaning up after dogs . roro and mans each have girlfriends , but each has a problem . roro ( nicknamed " jalla " ) is having family problems . it seems that his family wants to arrange a marriage between him and a nice lebanese woman , yasmin ( laleh pourkarim ) , but he is already in love with lisa ( tuva novotny ) . yasmin likes roro , but does not want to get married either . mans on the other hand has been having a problem of sexual impotence . the two friends worry about their problems and discuss the problems with each other . mans thinks the answer to his problem is to purchase sexual enhancers . the one catch is that he is too shy to go in and buy them . roro and yasmin decide to give themselves some time by telling the families that they want to marry each other , but then plan to break up before the wedding . not too surprisingly neither finds that his idea works out the way he quite expected . the plot turns in several places are contrived . one knows fairly quickly that if things are going to work our happily for everybody certain plot contrivances have to happen . lebanese-born josef fares who wrote and directed is perhaps a better director than he is a writer . when things start to get slow , he just adds throws in another story . for example halfway into the film mans innocently antagonizes some local toughs and a long chase is added to the film . characterization is a little better with roro than it is with mans who does not seem to have a whole lot more personality beyond fear for losing a biological function . we do see some of roro's family life and his concerns . that may be because roro's background is a lot like that of the director . while the story was entertaining , i did not feel that i got anything worthwhile from the film . it was just a way to pass about an hour and a half in my life . one does not have to go to the movies to see entertainment like this . i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
except for a few bright moments of good verbal comedy , that old feeling is embarrassing to sit through . bette midler and dennis farina play lilly and dan , actress and author , once married , now violently divorced , and back together one last time for their daughter molly's ( paula marshall ) wedding . lilly and dan hate each other passionately -- so passionately that they have sex at the wedding and fall in love again . each ditches his or her current spouse of 14 years and runs off with the other . molly , married now only 24 hours , runs off in search of her irresponsible parents while her husband keith ( jamie denton ) tries to console the abandoned spouses . in molly's search for her parents , she somehow falls in love with lilly's paparazzo joey ( danny nucci ) . meanwhile , the newlywed keith ends up consoling dan's wife rowena ( gail o'grady ) in bed . the audience i saw this with apparently thought that all the adultery was hilarious . i'm no dan quayle , but i thought it was a bit creepy . the message seemed to be " ignore your responsibilities unrepentantly and have fun fucking who you wish . " " family values " aside , there's something cruel about all this . perhaps this movie would have played well as a black comedy , but the movie is a romantic comedy . we are supposed to be rooting for these creeps . reiner and screenwriter leslie dixon tried to make it easier on us by making the victims unlikeable . lilly's husband is a new-age flake who rambles about " emotional valet parking , " so we can write him off as irrelevant . dan's wife is vain , manipulative , and jealous so we can write her off as a bitch . molly's husband is a career-conscious , self-centered republican politician who thinks she's too fat ( and just for good measure , he also fucked dan's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick . everyone else falls in love . but still , that somehow doesn't justify the actions of the movie's main characters . " he's a prick " or " she's a bitch " is no defense . the movie is somewhat redeemed by some funny dialog -- often during heated arguments -- and by above-average performances by midler and farina ( breaking out of his character-actor mold ) . other than that , it's a standard romantic comedy with a very substandard gimmick . 
conventional wisdom among collectibles retailers is that children's items begin to dramatically escalate in price about twenty-five or thirty years after the item was made . that's when the kids of that time have jobs , disposable income and a desire to re-visit the awe and wonderment of childhood that has disappeared from their lives . check out the prices of toys from the late sixties and you'll find that yogi bear lunch boxes are demanding big bucks . there's a heavy nostalgia nowadays for the late sixties and early seventies and nowhere is it more apparent than on the big screen . boomers are now mostly in their forties and fifties and have lived in the work-a-day world for a long time . they'd like to re-capture some of that fun they remember from days of yore . hollywood seems more than eager to churn out product to help them . directors are zealous to put their stamp on icons from that time . and for the most part they're messing it up . " mission impossible " , " lost in space " , " godzilla " , " zorro " . none of these successfully capture the originals . none of these are even good films . you can now add " the avengers " to the list . the british television series began in 1961 . super secret agent john steed ( then-patrick macnee ) and his third partner , emma peel ( then-diana rigg ) are the pair that the american audience fell for . surrealistic and witty , the series fit the mood of the times . the leather-clad rigg probably didn't hurt the ratings either . after all it's not a coincidence that you can't pronounce her character's name without " appeal " . now we're in the nineties . steed ( now-ralph fiennes ) and peel ( now-uma thurman ) are battling evil genius sir august de wynter ( sean connery ) who is screwing with england's weather . that's about as much of a plot as we have . there's some footage about a lot of other things that either don't make sense or make even less sense . we get betrayal for some unknown reason . evil clones appear and vanish and have no connection to the film . remarkably ineffective giant flying robot wasps with machine guns in their belly come from nowhere for no good reason . there's a high tech hot air balloon , but i have no idea why anyone's in it . the spy agency is run by a man called " mother " who is in a wheelchair and a woman named " father " who is blind . . . at least in some scenes . there's probably a reason for all of this , but we'll never know it . macnee makes an appearance of sorts . he is the voice for an invisible man whose character goes nowhere in a scene that does nothing . a group of villains sits around a table , all clad in huge pastel-colored teddy bear outfits . at first it's humorous to watch the teddies waddle around , but then it becomes goofy . the movie is a medley of clutter , confusion and wrong decisions around every corner . it feels like major portions of the film are missing . the storyline jumps rather than flows . reportedly the film was re-cut several times . this is one of those times where the whole is less than the sum of the parts especially since some of the parts appear to be missing . there's one good point where peel is running from one room to another in a house designed by escher . other than that , the effects are second-rate . the weather threat is old hat as are the scenes of huge tornadoes . thurman almost makes an adequate emma peel but it doesn't work . she looks good , dresses in all the right fetish outfits but there's no spark . fiennes fares even less well . macnee's steed was a witty man of the world with a sense of humor . fiennes' agent comes across as a dour kid in grown-up clothes who has never been out of his home town . even connery , one of the greatest living actors , doesn't have much of a presence outside of a few fiery scenes . the action scenes are difficult to follow . director jeremiah chechik ( responsible for the atrocious remake of " diabolique " ) somehow manages to put the camera exactly where it shouldn't be . things happen , people move around , but even if , with the utmost effort , you were able to care about any of it , the scenes are bewildering . the primary allure of the original was the interaction between the two leads . witty banter and an underplayed sexual tension were a winning combination . admittedly there are a few humorous sexual puns in the film , but there's no chemistry and the repartee is anything but clever . one of emma peel's first lines of dialog is " rules are made to be broken . " it doesn't get any better . advance word alone should have been enough to scare off anyone . the release date was changed several times . connery refuses to promote the film . there was no screening for critics which may have been a good choice for warner brothers . at least this way , they get something of an audience for the first weekend before the news gets out . admittedly i haven't seen an episode of the television series for a couple of decades . my guess is that it would be severely dated now . no matter how antiquated it might be , there's no doubt that it holds up better than this film is at first viewing . there's no reason to waste any part of the last few days of summer inside watching this movie . no reason at all . 
at first i was intrigued by the strange cast and odd creatures on the galaxy quest trailer , but that was before i saw the film . now my view has completely changed . it's time to embrace for impact , because this is a very bumpy ride . the story begins with the cast of galaxy quest including : jason nesmith ( tim allen ) , alexander dane ( alan rickman ) , gwen demarco ( sigourney weaver ) signing autographs at a convention . they meet fans who dress up in costumes , fans who worship the ground they walk on , and a group of aliens called thermians who believe that they are the ultimate saviors against the dreaded alien colony lead by sarris ( robin sachs ) . of course they are unaware of this until they actually begin performing their duties , and meet the ugly aliens themselves . thus begins the long adventure to help save the thermians . the movie plays like a really bad star trek episode , in fact it's worse . i don't even think trekkies will appreciate this weak spoof , because quite frankly it's just not funny . all the jokes are basically collected observations from the series . one such continuous joke involves a simple crew member who believes he will die in space , because no extra on the tv show ever lives , as proven in the star trek series . creative jokes like this may seem like a clever idea , but not when they are used to death . a person can only take so much . we do not need to be tortured , especially when you have to pay for it . it's pretty bad when even tim allen is pitiful . it's not like i expected an oscar worthy performance form him , but a few laughs would have been helpful . speaking of acting , 2 fine talents were wasted as well . sigourney weaver was here to show cleavage , well at least it worked . it's pretty bad when the only entertaining value of the film is cleavage . it just shows you how disgraceful the film really is . alan rickman however was not so lucky . after his last hit ( dogma ) he embarrasses himself by doing this sloppy mess . it's just a shame to see talented actors and actresses throw their ability away . when the film couldn't get any worse , thankfully some nice special effects pop up . like many big blockbusters ( armageddon , the haunting to name a few ) they rely heavily on effects to help boost the film's box office results . times it works , but unfortunately we have to shell out hard earned money and suffer through this junk . when will it stop ? i am getting tired of being suckered into seeing such trash . it may look fine and dandy , but we need to at least have a story . is that too much to ask ? obviously it is . when galaxy quest finally ends , it literally crash lands . aside from the impressive looking creatures from industrial light and magic , it's an embarrassment to the cast , and it's embarrassing to the science fiction genre . it's not the least bit fun , nor was it entertaining . the only place where this movie belongs is to infinity and beyond . 
the king and i , a warner brothers animated , musical feature , recycles the classic story of a woman who challenges the heart of a king , with obvious results . when anna ( miranda richardson ) , a british schoolteacher , travels to saim to educate the king's ( martin vidnovic ) children , she learns that the king is treating his people unfairly , and must say something to the greedy ruler . meanwhile , the king's prime minister ( ian richardson ) , the stereotypical villain , plots to overthrow the king , taking the throne . the last , and most predictable , main subplot deals with the king's son ( allen d . hong ) , and his love for a servant , tuptim ( armi arabe ) , and how he conflicts with his feelings , and the ancient laws of saim . not even the lone strong character of anna can save the unbelievably horrible waste of talent , as the king and i's problems could fill the blank pages of a journal . i will only note the major difficulties , for it would take pages to elaborate on every detail . the screenplay , written by arthur rankin , peter bakalian , jacqeline feather , and david seidler , which is based upon the play written by richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein , has some of the worst dialogue written in a film within recent memory , as every time the obnoxious king would shout , " etc , etc , etc , " i would cringe . literally . speaking of cringing- i did quite a bit of this during the rather short film , which is a classic display of terrible filmmaking . besides the repetitive dialogue from the king , on the whole , the songs seem out of place , and unlike the lyrics , are unmagical . the sole song which is used cleverly is " getting to know you , " which is used as anna shows the children the great outdoors , which they have never been exposed to . unlike disney animated features , the king and i's songs don't add to the film , and are as uneffective as could be . take the following scenario as an example , as the sheer horror of the king and i's music is at its worst . you're being hunted by a dragon ! what do you do ! ? sing a happy song ! martin vidnovic voices the king without effort or emotion- you hear the saying two negatives don't make a positive ? believe it ! with the terrible dialogue that the king has , along with his awful voice track , the king is completely unbelievable , only shows mild signs of any personality , and the only thing that changes in the king is that he says " etc . , etc . , etc . , " more and more as the film progresses . no personality at the beginning of the movie , none at the end . and where does this character's personality change ? hey , i thought anna was supposed to change him ! isn't that the whole plot ? the prime minister's hideous sidekick ( darrell hammond ) brings his share of cringes as well - oh no ! another one of his teeth fell out ! hardy-har-har ! he is supposed to bring laughs for the kidlets , but even at age five i would have cringed while watching him . by the way this review is going , you may think the reasoning for my hate for this film is due to not liking animated films- hence why i hate this movie , because the king and i is a disgrace to animation . animated films , such as 1994's the lion king and 1998's the prince of egypt , are among my favorite movies of all time . the animation team does design their share of well animated settings , so this makes it easier to take my mind off of the annoying king , until i realize that day and night switch back in fourth within seconds . i have not read the play , or seen the oscar winning , 1956 film adaption , but from what i can tell , the screenplay for the 1999 version completely butchers the play , for the king and i is never magical , nor interesting . if it wasn't for miranda richardson , who voices anna with feeling , the king and i could earn the title , " worst movie of the decade . " instead , the king and i will just go down as among the year's worst . the bottom line- avoid this movie at all costs . not even young children , the target audience in this film , will enjoy it . not the slightest bit . 
you know the plot : a dimwit with a shady past is seduced into committing a crime only to be double-crossed by a fatal femme . in " palmetto , " the dimwit is harry barber ( woody harrelson ) , a reporter who's just been released from prison ( he was framed by the gangsters and corrupt officials he was investigating ) . enter la femme : rhea malroux ( elisabeth shue ) , the sexy young wife of the richest man in palmetto , florida ( rolf hoppe ) . she and her stepdaughter odette ( chlo ? sevigny ) have a plot to extort 500k from the old man : harry will " kidnap " odette . after groping both women , harry agrees . as everyone except harry can see , he's being set up as a fall guy . sure enough , before long , harry has a dead body in his trunk and the cops on his tail . his brother-in-law ( tom wright ) , an assistant da , has hired harry to be the press liaison for the case , so harry gets a front row seat for his own manhunt ( and we get to watch him sweat-literally ) . there are several plot twists , of course-a couple of them even took me by surprise . apparently every woman in palmetto is a raving horndog , and they're on harry like he's the only bone in the kennel . shue vamps so broadly that i expected tex avery's wolf to show up . her incredible performance in " leaving las vegas " seems to have been a fluke . here , she could easily be mistaken for melanie griffith . shue's character is supposed to be a savvy schemer but she comes off as a brainless bimbo . in addition to shue and sevigny , the kennel includes gina gershon ( who filled the dimwit-with-a-shady-past role in " bound " ) as harry's girlfriend nina ; when harry gets out of jail , she licks his face ( now there's a horndog ) . the parts are so overplayed that with a little push " palmetto " could have been an over-the-top parody of film noir a la " romeo is bleeding . " as it is , it's best watched at 2am on showtime ( the love scenes seem to have been written for one of that channel's soft porn programs anyway ) . " palmetto " has a well-known director , volker schl ? ndorff , who's best known for his adaptations of major literary works , especially " the tin drum . " i suppose he must have been drawn to this plot-by-numbers script by the same admiration for classic film noir that led scorsese to remake " cape fear . " schl ? ndorff tries hard-he makes an interesting motif out of the ubiquitous palmetto bugs-but nothing can freshen up this stale script . 
" gordy " is not a movie , it is a 90-minute-long " sesame street " skit , and a very bad one at that . this movie is so stupid and dumb that it's depressing to think that some hollywood executives actually gave this the green light , and even more surprising is the fact that this is a disney movie . i'm sure children are the target audience of this movie , but only kids under the age of five may be able to tolerate it . it is the story of a farm a piglet named gordy ( voiced by garms ) , whose family has been taken away to " up north , " which we know means death . of course we can hear the animals talk to each other , and they actually went to the trouble of attempting to sync the voices with their mouths but it comes out terrible . actually , it's almost funny in a way . the only remotely interesting and likable character soon appears , a little girl named jinnie sue macallister ( young ) who sees gordy on the back of a truck and essentially steals him . jinnie is a country singer and the film goes off on a huge tangent to show her little concert and the people dancing to it . what is the point of this ? maybe she is one of the producer's relatives and they wanted to show her on camera to promote her or something . we then cut to a huge social gathering and drop in on another young kid named hank royce ( roescher ) who is sad because his divorced mother is dating . he leaves the party and meets jinnie sue , but he accidentally falls in a pool ( probably because he was sitting on the diving board with a $200 suit on - nah , didn't see that one coming ! ) , starts to drown , and is miraculously saved as gordy pushes an inflatable float over to him and saves him . if this had not been insanely stupid already the story quickly changes when jinnie gives gordy to hank who then ends up becoming the ceo of a food processing corporation when hank's grandfather , the original ceo , dies and leaves his fortune to hank . . . and gordy ! of course there must be a villain , but even this villain ( donadio as sipes ) isn't that evil . he never raises his voice or becomes angry , and of course he has the typical idiot goons kidnap gordy but this is just so beyond stupid and cartoony we are constantly two steps ahead of the story . it's hard to tell whether the overall corniness and cheesiness to the movie is intentional because it is a family film , or if the filmmaker's are just this untalented and stupid . at times " gordy " is tolerable to watch , thus earning it one star and not the dreaded " z- . " but it's just so unbelievably boring , cliche , dumb , unfunny , corny , and just plain bad it may scare children , it certainly disturbed me . ( 4/21/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [see also : " babe " ] 
i think of i know what you did last summer as the movie that scream and scream 2 could have been . mind you , though , i mean this in the worst possible way . i know what you did last summer is a typical slasher flic without the smarts of the scream's . as a result , it's even worse than some of your better campy horror pictures ( see nightmare on elm street ) because it thinks it's about thirty times smarter than it is . based on a teen book of the same name and , disappointingly , adapted by scream scribe kevin williamson , i know what you did last summer begins with appropriately angsty modern rock music combined with some startling cinematography of a cliff along the ocean and an angsty sort sitting at the top . the appropriate mood being set ( this is angst-horror for the 90's ) , we cut over to the july 4th parade in a small north carolina town . from there , we see the blond , female protagonist , helen shivers ( woodenly played by sarah michelle geller ) , getting crowned croaker queen as the blond male " hero , " barry cox ( woodenly played by ryan phillipe ) , and matched brunette pair of protagonists , julie james and ray bronson ( woodenly played by party of five's jennifer love hewitt and freddie prinze jr . , respectively ) cheer her on . after getting drunk at a party , going to a beach to wittily discuss urban legend and indulge in some foreshadowing , and having some meaningful sex ( if you believe what the characters say ) , the four run down some guy crossing the windy cliff road at night . his face is mangled so they can't tell who it is , and they come to the decision to dump him in the ocean so as to not ruin any of their future chances for success in the world . cut to one year later . the lives of our protagonists have gone from annoying to bad . main brunette female , the bright one of the bunch , has been plagued with guilt and almost failed out of college . blond female has forfeited her dreams of starring on guiding light , and now works at the family store in town . brunette male is a fisherman , living off the land . blond male has become a complete jerk and quarterback on some college football team . then , predictably , their past comes back to haunt them . it all begins with an irrational murder , followed by some taunting of protagonists by the mysterious killer , bad acting by a good actress ( anne heche ) , an improbable plot , bad acting by the main bad actors , some more killing , concluding in a climactic scene , mostly climactic in the relief at the end of the movie . all the while , the actors and actresses spout off bad lines , and main brunette male does his best keanu reeves imitation . not that the movie was without pleasure . count the illogical plot twists and bad lines for some fun . mostly , though , note the costumes of main females and how trendily unattractive they make the otherwise eye-catching pair look . 
first troy beyer wrote the critically panned " b . a . p . s . " now she makes her directorial debut , writing , directing , and starring in this sub-par film about women talking about sex . though not without redeeming qualities , this film is bad . the basic story follows three single friends -- jazz ( beyer ) , lena ( randi ingerman ) , and michelle ( paget brewster ) -- in their search for love . jazz has an idea for a local talk show ; it would feature women talking about sex and dating . she and her friends make a demo tape of interviews with the women of miami . the film itself is sprinkled with these real interviews throughout , both as part of the plot and as commentary on the situations of the main characters . the fact that they are real provides a refreshing break from some of the more melodramatic moments in the film . there are several moments of bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension . in a low-budget independent film from a first-time director , these faults can sometimes be forgiven , if the screenplay is fresh and solid . that is not the case here . the script suffers from random plot developments . there are four or five of these turns in the plot , each one raising the question " where did that come from ? " at one point , a character has a lifelong reconciliation with her mother . we are supposed to be moved , but since the scene is completely un-led-up to , we really don't care if she and her mother get along . we've never seen her mother before . we never see her again . who cares ? what's worse , these sudden developments are supposed to engage our sympathy . at another point , a character announces that she can't have children . apparently , this is devastating . we wouldn't know this because she never talked about having kids before , but we are nevertheless expected to be devastated for her . the scene feels like an afterthought , its emotion manipulative and shallow . these scenes grow worse and worse , culminating in an absurd climax . two scenes were played with such overwhelming melodrama that i found myself laughing . one scene is a lover's spat between two minor characters . the other has the main characters expressing their copious grief by cleaning house in wails of despair and clouds of ajax . thinking on these scenes , it is hard for me to admit that the film has redeeming qualities . but it does . first , it is original . we men often wonder what women talk about when they are alone in groups , and i imagine this film gives me a pretty good idea . it's something i don't think has been the subject of a film . second , the interviews of the miami women are sincere . taken together , they form a mosaic picture of miami beachwalkers and bistro diners . the mosaic is made of sound bites and stereotypes , but each tile is some woman's real experience . neither the picture of women , nor their picture of men , is truly representative , but the point is that both sets of generalizations are telling in their own way . at some level , the stereotypes that emerge can be called true . i can imagine some people liking this film when its characters talk about their " likes , dislikes , skills , and thrills , " but on the whole , it's pretty bad . and that makes it even harder to forgive the bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension . i'll give beyer one more strike , and then she's out . rated r ( almost got an nc-17 ) for explicit sexual dialogue and nudity . 
long time buddies and neil diamond tribute band members wayne ( steve zahn , " happy , texas " ) and j . d . ( jack black , " high fidelity " ) watch in horror as third mate darren silverman ( jason biggs , " american pie " ) disappears under the thumb of his new fiance judith , ( amanda peet , " the whole nine yards " ) a controlling psychiatrist . they're doubly troubled when the return of darren's 'one and only love' sandy perkins ( amanda detmer , " final destination " ) returns to their home town but doesn't cause a ripple in darren's devotion to judith . there's only one thing wayne and j . d . can think of doing - they kidnap judith and fake her death in " saving silverman . " written by hank nelken and greg depaul after seeing a friend engaged to the wrong woman , " saving silverman " is directed by 'hit comedy director' dennis dugan of such films as " big daddy , " " brain donors " and " problem child . " it's a dismal , third-rate farrelly brothers rip off that attempts to milk humor from such inspired bits of whimsy as having darren's love interest come from a family of circus freaks and be about to become a nun . gross out gags include a visualization of darren getting butt cheek implants . " saving silverman " is almost saved by stars zahn and black . these two are so comically talented they can take bad material and still deliver the goods . they're in " animal house " mode while the rest of the film trawls along and comes up empty . jason biggs can attribute his entire career to the luck of having been cast in the smash hit " american pie . " peet shows some physical moves but no flair for comedy here while detmer slaps a brave , sweet smile onto her face and soldiers through . r . lee ermey ( " full metal jacket " ) is one note in an embarrassing performance as a psychopathic ex-football coach . neil diamond appears at the film's climax as himself and miraculously enlivens the proceedings by belting out some of his old standards . 
one of my favorite songs by the stranglers includes the lyric , " you'd better watch out for the skin deep . " i'd like to extend the same warning : watch out for skin deep , but whatever you do don't watch skin deep . skin deep is a tedious and uneven comedy written and directed by blake edwards . john ritter stars as zach , a dried up writer and insatiable womanizer with a big-time drinking problem . i never saw edwards' comedy the man who loved women , but i have to wonder whether skin deep is a remake . you see , to put it mildly , zach goes to bed with just about each and every woman he meets . as the movie opens , zach's wife , alex , catches him with not only his mistress but also his mistress' hairdresser . like any sensible wife , alex kicks zach out of the house and divorces him . in response , zach goes on a spiritual journey of drinking , womanizing , psychotherapy , and self-discovery . if you're turned on by the idea of watching ritter drink , get arrested , have sex , drink , crash his mercedes , have more sex , drink , get arrested again , drink , and sing horrendously at the piano , then skin deep should be right up your alley . skin deep makes the fatal mistake of inflicting on us unbelievable and unsympathetic characters . zach is a rich , '80s l . a . version of ritter's jack tripper character from " three's company . " like jack , zach is clumsy and inept ; he's the type of guy whose bad aim makes him accidently squirt breath freshener into his eye . zach is supposed to be charming and charismatic , but i failed to see even one redeeming virtue in him . consequently , i never felt the least bit of sympathy or pity for the philandering alcoholic during his moments of crisis . in fact , when zach crashes his ex-wife's wedding in a desperate attempt to stop her from remarrying , i actually rooted for her to go through with the ceremony . to add insult to injury , edwards gives his large supporting cast nothing but stereotypes with which to work . for instance , vincent gardenia's talents are wasted in his role as the fatherly bartender . of all the women in the film--and there are many--alyson reed , alone , stands out as zach's wife ; reed brings intelligence and sensitivity to the role . because we don't care the slightest bit about anyone in skin deep , the film's few feeble attempts at drama inevitably fail . the comedy in skin deep doesn't fare much better . most of the jokes are dumb , predictable , and sitcomish . about every ten minutes , however , edwards does manage to come up with a good line or a novel sight-gag , the most effective of which involves a pair of " dueling " condoms . overall , the laughs in skin deep are just too infrequent and the characters just too shallow for the film to stay afloat . my final criticism of the film lies in its glamorous depiction of alcohol and alcoholism . zach's excessive drinking is clearly ruining his life , but nevertheless it seems to give him more pleasure than pain . zach's drinking binges never have any truly serious or lasting consequences . if he crashes his mercedes , he gets a new one . if he gets arrested , his lawyer bails him out of jail . if his wife leaves him , she will eventually decide to give him a second chance if he'll clean up his act . the tone in skin deep is all wrong ; edwards treats a very serious issue far too lightly , making a joke out of a problem that is no joking matter . perhaps edwards should have studied dudley moore in arthur or , better yet , michael keaton in clean and sober before making skin deep . 
jackie chan kicks his way into van damme territory with twin dragons , an embarrassingly bland action comedy of mistaken identities . chan plays separated-at-births boomer and john ma , whose drastically different paths . . . aw , forget the plot description , it's not even worth the space . but let's face it . no one goes to jackie chan movies for the plot anyway . the scenes where nothing happens in chan's films have always been little more than glue thriftily spread to hold the action sequences together . in the case of twin dragons , however , the tiresome plot-driving scenes fritter away so much of the movie that you almost want to shout ( at the risk of demeaning the artistic value of cinema ) , " get to the good part already ! " most of the film is devoted to showing the brothers' efforts to hide the other's existence from their own acquaintances . why it is necessary to do this is not satisfactorily explained , but neither are a lot of aspects of the plot . the twins' love interests , demure club-singer barbara ( chan-film regular maggie cheung ) and lusty bride-hopeful tammy ( nina li chi ) , get disoriented in all the brouhaha , yet strangely seem not to mind that they are not sure which brother they are in love with . the scenes describing the boys' bumbling antics get stretched so thin we stop caring who chan is supposed to be in any given shot ( in several shots , in fact , even the make-up and hair people seem to forget which brother is which . ) . even chan's so-corny-it's-funny humor is off-kilter in this outing . some of the gags are so carefully innocuous they're annoying . a case in point : whenever anyone sees the brothers together , they fall to the ground in a dead faint . are we laughing yet ? as usual , the final showdown is the film's jewel , a tour de force display of chan' s agility and grace . never mind that it's not clear how the brothers end up fighting suited bad guys inside an automobile crash-testing facility . it's all good fun , but too little too late . perhaps chan's next movie should just be a collection of the last fight sequences of all of his movies . they could call it jackie chan's the final fight scenes , and everybody would go home happy . reviewed april 14 , 1999 at loews theaters white marsh , white marsh , md . 
at one point in this movie there is a staging of an opera that goes completely wrong . but one member of the crowd stands up and cheers , thinking the performance was planned , and applauding it for their efforts . that's " dirty work " in a nutshell . a very different kind of movie . this is not a movie that i can easily review . the critic in me analyzes the structure , plot , acting , characters . . . and tells me this movie is terrible . but the norm macdonald fan in me had me rolling on the floor laughing . this movie plays more like an hbo sketch comedy than a movie . it's a one note concept . mitch and sam need $50000 in order to bribe a doctor to give their father a heart transplant before other more needy patients . realizing they are very good at revenge plots , they open a revenge for hire business , eventually running afoul of a rich businessman played by christopher macdonald ( who after roles in " happy gilmore " and " veronica's closet " seems typcast in this role ) , who sends them to destroy a building that mitch learns is the home of his girlfriend's grandmother , thus leading them to plot against the rich businessman on the night of the grand opening of a new opera house . first the critic in me . the plot is the standard poor guy vs evil rich guy device , where the main character meets the girl of his dreams along the way . here's the catch . none of the characters are sympathetic . they're all selfish jerks who don't care who they hurt in their attempts to do whatever they want . the jokes are juvenile , crude , appealing to the worst elements in people . there's jokes about prostitutes , the homeless , beastiality , anal sex . there's even a subplot that's developed , it seems , only to make jokes about infidelity and incest . and i loved watching it . i was a huge fan of norm macdonald's sarcastic , to-the-point comedy on saturday night live , and this movie is an hour and a half of it . norm macdonald takes a joke , strips it to the core , and tells it like it is with a dry wit . like the scene were he and his friend are learning the ropes at a new construction job . the foreman goes over the basics , which mitch and sam don't understand . how do they get out of it ? by admiting they lied on their resumes , and don't know a thing about construction ! and surprise , they get fired . the characters are incredibly mean-spirited . there's a father who's loud and obnoxious , a gambling addicted doctor played by chevy chase who tells sam of his father's condition by saying " if i were a gambling man i'd put a lot of money on death . " the businessman cole who always has his dog spunky , and does who knows what with it . and then there's mitch and sam , who , thinking they can get $50000 by destroying a building , ponder how their actions would ruin the lives of the residents . " too bad we have to do it , " mitch says . here's a movie where every joke that is executed as it is set up , where you see every punchline coming , where every spot profanity could be used and then is used . at least the film is honest , and makes no mistake that it is anything more than idiotic . but at least it isn't dull , and it isn't predictable . and that's the way it should be . it's sketch comedy , and if you're a fan of norm macdonald , you'll love it . the jokes are crude , the characters are mean to the core , the attitude of the movie is that it just doesn't care . if you don't like norm macdonald , or stupid movies , then you probably won't like this one . the jokes are crude , the characters are mean to the core , the attitude of the movie is that it just doesn't care . so before seeing this one , tune your mindset , and prepare for a slew of norm macdonald humor , gay animal sex , prison rape jokes , uncaring characters , and one last performance from chris farley . the critic in me says ( * ) but i give it an 8 ( * * * ) . i just couldn't stop laughing . 
an 80-year old woman jumps enthusiastically on her couch , wearing tight-fitting leather , as she cheers on her favorite tv wrestler by calling his opponent a `pump-bitch' . two men messily eat fast food as their septic truck leaks raw sewage directly behind them . and roughly 17 people are booted in the crotch . welcome to `ready to rumble' . judging from the fact that potty-mouth adam sandler is the reigning box-office comedy champion , you realize -- albeit while shaking your head -- that yes , there is an audience for this sort of thing . ladies and gentlemen , i weep for society . mind you , when executed with style and comic ingenuity , jokes like an alarming bodily fluid mistaken for hair gel ( `there's something about mary' ) and a laxative-induced attack of explosive diarrhea ( `dumb and dumber' ) can be extremely funny . unfortunately , `ready to rumble' is not being helmed by the farrelly brothers , nor is it bolstered by a script that accommodates the viewer with anything even remotely clever or inspired . `ready to rumble' is built around the dedicated fan-base of professional wrestling . . . . which , in fact , sounded like a fine concept for a goofball comedy . but director brian robbins and screenwriter steven brill handcuff themselves , and limited to a stampede of asinine , humdrum bathroom humor , basically the only thing they manage is to evoke memories of pauly shore and `bio dome' . gordie boggs ( david arquette ) and sean dawkins ( scott caan ) take pride in being hardcore wcw wrestling fanatics . by day , they transport raw sewage . by night ( particularly on ? nitro' monday ) , they pay homage to their personal hero and savior - jimmy king ( oliver platt ) , the undisputed leader of the professional wrestling community . with two tickets to an upcoming nitro performance , gordie and sean are psyched about witnessing the king defend his title first-hand . but unscrupulous boxing kingpin titus sinclair ( joe pantoliano , sporting long hair and cowboy boots ) has other plans . sinclair is plotting to have diamond dallas page ( playing himself ) pummel the king into the tarp , thereby dethroning the dignified wrestler and embarrassing him in front of a bewildered auditorium full of fans . gordie and sean are shocked , rioting madly while arguing `this isn't even a pay-per view event ! ! ' they take it upon themselves to track the king down and supply the encouragement essential for their fallen idol to make a come-back attempt . along the way , you can expect a lot of sh-- jokes as well . you may find something to like in `ready to rumble' if a ) you are a rasslin' aficionado yourself , or b ) you are a dedicated fan of the lowest of low-brow comedies . i welcome low-brow humor with open arms - that is , if its fresh and resourceful . `rumble' is nothing but a sloppy , frightfully unfunny swamp land of misbegotten retardation . the first half-hour is the ultimate test of patience . luckily , the simple-minded events pick up steam , particularly with the well-choreographed wrestling action . director robbins showed a knack for capturing the brutality and excitement of football in `varsity blues' , and when in the ring , he does professional work . but the violence is too excessive . having the fake soap opera of wcw wrestling turn into a bloody skirmish brings back unfortunate memories of owen hart's tragic accident just last year , especially with one character's dive during a cage match . this is not something you want a comedy to be reminiscent of . outside the wrestling action , the lewd jokes and puerile sight gags bring new meaning to the term ? scattershot' , while the dialogue fluctuates in on the vulgarity scale of 1 to 10 , with brill's extensive vocabulary ranging from `diddly' to `boob' and so on . the final tally : i chuckled a few times , groaned a lot , and indulged in one spirited belly laugh involving martin landau as a geriatric wrestling coach who fights pretty impressively for 105 . casting-wise , `ready to rumble' is an odd duck . oliver platt as a champion wrestling figure ? he's perhaps a bit chunky , but fellow wrestlers acknowledge this in the ring by calling him `fatty' , which dampens the blow i suppose . rose mcgowan is fully disposable as a sultry wcw cheerleader ( `the nirto-est of the nitro girls , ' proclaims gordie ) , but extra pep is added with appearances by wrestlers goldberg , `macho man' randy savage and sting ( among others ) . wcw fans are sure to appreciate these . others . . . well , won't . i found merit in david arquette's bountiful energy as gordie , which brings me to my finishing . . . . ahhh . . . . `praise' for the film : in `ready to rumble' , i have discovered something even more annoying than arquette's `at&t' television commercials . now there's a low blow for you . 
one of my brother's favorite movies is h . b . halicki's 1974 cult flick " gone is sixty seconds , " one of the best products of the car-chase genre that provided drive-in fare during the 1970's . chase pics had more tire squeals than dialogue , but they had a strong visceral appeal . although it boasts a bigger budget and familiar stars , the remake of " gone in sixty seconds " is relatively weak and dull . randall " memphis " raines ( nicolas cage ) is a retired car thief who runs a go-cart track . he got out of crime so that his younger brother kip ( giovanni ribisi ) would not take up boosting cars . however , kip became a thief anyway , and now he's in big trouble . kip promised to deliver fifty luxury and sports cars to gangster raymond calitri ( christopher eccleston ) by the end of the week . calitri expects memphis to fulfill kip's bargain ; if he doesn't come through , kip dies . memphis gathers his old crew ( angelina jolie , robert duvall , will patton , chi mcbride , and vinnie jones ) , and kip brings his boys ( t . j . cross , william lee scott , scott caan , and james duval ) . as if calitri breathing down their necks wasn't bad enough , the team is pursued by a cop ( delroy lindo ) who's still ticked off that he never busted memphis and by a rival gangster ( rap star master p ) who wants to take over calitri's clients . watching " gone , " i discovered that stealing fifty cars is not any more interesting than stealing one . maybe that's why the first forty-nine are fairly easy , and the thrills are saved for " eleanor , " a 1967 shelby gto , a model that has always eluded memphis . but the big chase doesn't live up to the long wait . i had high hopes for " gone " because it is director dominic sena's second film . " kalifornia , " his 1993 debut , was a brilliant study in the relationship between violence and its audience . in that movie sena took a simple thriller plot ( a couple gives a serial killer a ride ) and successfully endowed it with deeper significance . in " gone " he seems to be aiming for a drama about two brothers who can't communicate with each other , but that goal just doesn't mesh with this plot . " gone " either takes itself too seriously or not seriously enough . it's not light enough to be fun , or mean enough to be intense . this chaser has more dialogue than tire squeals but is none the better for it . the lack of action is a waste of the premise , which should have challenged the filmmakers to create the most spectacular car chases ever . the weak script is a waste of a talented cast . in a " newsweek " interview last year , sean penn blasted his old pal nic cage for making bad movies . much as i like cage , for every good picture he does ( " leaving las vegas , " " bringing out the dead " ) , there are two major stinkers ( " snake eyes , " " con air , " " 8mm , " " city of angels " ) . that ratio is probably better than what a lot of his peers can boast , but cage has real talent . it's a shame to waste it in glitzy , superficial tripe like " gone in 60 seconds . " 
years ago , robin williams made _jumanji_ , a brilliant achievement in special effects , but a travesty on nearly every other level . the same can be said for _what dreams may come_ , a boring , illogical , weepie-wannabe that left my senses numb . don't get me wrong : i love breathtaking special effects and pulse-pounding imagery . _brazil_ is on my personal top ten . _the city of lost children_ is a great film because of its outlandish scenarios . i even love _2001_ and _last year at marienbad_ , being in the minority amidst my friends . _what dreams may come_ , imagery aside , has little daring thought to complement its imagery . the daring thought it _does_ have is never fully realized . it's idea of a plot is so lukewarm , that it insults the bigger questions it raises . it would have been better if the filmmakers rid the film of the live action sequences , put on an electronica soundtrack , and sell it as one of those popular _mind's eye_ videos . robin williams plays chris nielsen , who dies too prematurely--not only in the story , but before we have a chance to really know and care for him . the director , vincent ward , and the screenwriter ronald bass , have chosen to tell his life story in flashbacks while having the foreground story focus on his experience with the afterlife . big mistake . it would have been far better to take the half-hour or so needed to tell his life story first ( ala _it's a wonderful life_ ) , so that i can build up respect for him , so i could know and possibly care for him , his children , and his long-suffering wife ( played superbly by annabella sciorra ) . instead , the filmmakers insult my intelligence by rushing into the story , expecting that the film to grow in depth as it progresses . it doesn't . so in the afterlife , chris learns that ( a ) people still don't meet god , ( b ) that our thoughts are reality , and ( c ) time does not exist there . hmm . . . i+ll grant one of those silly giant ideas for the sake of the narrative . ( the " not meeting god " part still irks at me , but perhaps there was no possible way to film it and give it due respect ) . that said , this alternate reality still makes no possible sense . read on . . . chris' wife commits suicide . since suicides go to hell , chris would be separated from his wife forever . the important question is , is heaven really heaven if you are separated from the one you love ? good question . and i like good thought-provoking questions . i don+t like it when the filmmakers deviate from the question . i _loathe_ it when the filmmakers deviate from the question so that the film becomes a popular rescue film , especially a rescue film which does not take its underlying premise seriously . i _really_ loathe it when it+s story is no longer run by logic , but by special effects . hey chris : did you forget ? your thoughts are _real_ . they are more _real_ than the physical world , according to the new-age screenplay . so , why don+t you conjure up positive thoughts of annie , and let that run wild ? and then she would appear before you , and you two would live in happy bliss for eternity ? because there would be no movie , that+s why . and albert the angel ( played by miscast cuba gooding , jr . ) says bluntly : " that+s fantasy . " umm . . . if your thoughts are more real than the physical , then fantasy is not fantasy , but real . surely some eastern meditation specialist would be able to tell you that . and if you happen to think that you are an unimaginative person , and that your thoughts aren't big enough to sustain you for eternity , well , in all due respect , that's why i don't subscribe to this theology . all due respect . another idea , based on " time , ( pause ) , does not exist here ! " so chris , spend your eternity with annie , as she is on earth , reliving your favorite memories , or hang out with her when she was growing up . you+ve got eternity : perhaps you can hang around long enough and learn not to freak her out . and forcing her to write " i still exist " in her diary , imo , is just too tacky . there are many other ideas , all of which are a hundred times better than what+s unraveled in the plot . the great aforementioned question is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been done before , and just come out stale . most insulting is the subplot where important people in chris+ life appear in heaven differently than he expects , so when they finally show themselves , he realizes they were with him all along . and when this happens , the film runs in slow motion , as if to build emotion . _gag me with a spoon_ . so the only things for me to like are sciorra+s effective performance , who rises far above this mundane material , and the special effects . please note that while i enjoyed some of the visuals , i did not enjoy _all_ of them : some of the images looked like sandy duncan universe , everybody floating up and down in invisible strings . it sounds like a joke , but it+s really true : i really tried to block out the dialogue , and figure out what music would best work as an alternative soundtrack . my vote goes to a rare cd called " never say die " ( 1981 ) from petra , a christian rock group . it+s pretty good , and they have a song about annie , who commits suicide . ( it+s too late for annie/she+s gone away for good/there+s so much we'd have told her/and now we wish we could/but it+s too late . . . ) . melancholic , yes . depressing , yes . but far more entertaining . . . so , in case you don+t know , let me be straight . suicide--bad . _don+t do it_ . no . no . no . ( got it ? --you shouldn+t have to pay $7 . 50 to hear this in an awful robin williams schmaltzfest . ) 
let me begin by saying that this is easily the worst movie in the entire official ( and even unofficial ) james bond series . it is so full of self-parody and silly characters that you would almost believe you were watching a spoof . an omen of what is to come is provided by the pre-credits sequence , a dull affair featuring a confrontation between a man ( it's difficult to give a better description since no mention of him is made elsewhere in the movie ) and the assassin of the title . a song with woefully terrible lyrics follows , and the rest of the movie is even worse . the plot might have been a pleasant change from the usual rule-the-world so often found in the james bond movies of the 70s , but here we get a confused mismash about a fabled assassin , francisco scaramanga ( christopher lee , putting in a performance which is one of the rare saving graces of this movie ) who someone has apparently payed one million dollars to in order to remove roger moore's 007 . there is also a flimsy connection with the energy crisis and a missing solar cell with 95% efficiency . it's as much of a mess as it sounds . bond is " helped " in his task by mary goodnight ( ekland ) , whose character couldn't possibly be any closer to the stereotypical bimbo . during the course of the movie she gets locked in both a closet and a car trunk , blunders around a control room accidentally setting off a laser and serves no purpose in enhancing the plot whatsoever . maud adams ( later to star in octopussy ) is a much more stronger and useful character , but she hardly features in the movie . scaramanga's lackey is a dwarf called nik-nak , who rather fittingly is also possibly the silliest henchman in the series , serving up annoyance and weak dialogue in equal measures . worse still is an almost total lack of action throughout the whole movie . there is but one fight sequence about fifteen minutes in ( not counting a ludicrous scene where two teenage girls beat up several dozen trained martial artists -- another misguided attempt at humour ) . the solitary car chase might have been a highlight , but the " action " is interrupted on a frequent basis by a redneck sheriff ( j . w . pepper , played by clifton james of live and let die " fame " ) yelling stupid comments out of the passenger window . he is easily the most irritating character in a james bond movie . even his presence could have been made bearable by one of the most impressive car stunts in cinematic history , a 360 degree twisting loop jump over a broken bridge -- could have been , except somebody got the idea to dub a mocking whistle tone over the final print . on top of that debacle , the whole end of the film is an anticlimatic sequence in scaramanga's " funhouse " . the only good thing that came out of this movie was that the producers had to make the next film in the series ( the infinitely superior " the spy who loved me " ) a great film in order for the bond franchise to survive . 
if there were a subject just screaming to be made into a film , it was studio 54 , the late steve rubell's infamous new york discotheque , which came to symbolize the taboo-smashing excesses of the disco era's heyday : easy drugs and even easier sex between everyone , all set to a thumping dance beat . so when miramax started production on _54_ last year , the buzz of hype and resulting anticipation began : an edgy film as down-and-dirty as the club itself , written and directed by a promising first-timer ( mark christopher ) and starring some hot young talent ( salma hayek , neve campbell , newcomer ryan phillippe , and mike myers in his dramatic debut ) . my , how easily does the worm turn . hype turned into damage control when word got out about 11th-hour reshoots ( wrapped only a month ago ) , a rash of studio-imposed edits that left virtually the entire cast and crew ( especially christopher ) unhappy , and the very likely possibility that miramax would not screen the finished film for critics . at the last minute , though , miramax did decide to screen the film ( so hastily scheduled was the screening that myers's last name was misspelled on the invitation , not to mention the numerous typos in the press notes ) for a media audience that came away noticeably less than impressed , myself included . and with good reason--somehow , some way , the supremely disappointing _54_ has made the historically hip haven of hedonism . . . boring . although christopher has distanced himself from the finished film , he still must shoulder some of the blame for _54_'s lifelessness . _54_ focuses , for the most part , on a tight-knit trio of employees at the club : coat check girl/aspiring disco diva anita ( a wasted hayek ) ; her busboy husband , greg ( breckin meyer ) ; and , most prominently , the fresh-from-jersey shane o'shea ( phillippe ) , who enjoys a quick rise from busboy to head bartender . these characters are about as generic as those descriptions . in focusing on the hired help , christopher really missed the boat . with the exception of the flamboyant , always-woozy rubell ( myers , in a well-modulated turn ) , the meaty stories to be told at studio 54 are not the workers' but those of the people who went there to party ; not necessarily the numerous vip guests , but the wild eccentrics who managed to be picked from the crowd by the club's famously hard-ass doormen and dance ( among other things ) the night away with the rich , famous , and infamous ( the only taste of the crowd comes by way of ellen dow's feisty dottie , a disco- and drug-crazed granny , but she's a peripheral character at best ) . as such , aside from the expected overhead crowd shots , there is precious little actual _dancing_ in _54_ . what is a disco film--especially one about the pinnacle of the movement--without the dancing ? even whit stillman's _the_last_days_of_disco_ , which wasn't so much concerned with disco as it was witty dialogue within a group of hip-to-only-themselves club-hopping preppies , featured at least one extended dance scene . dancing isn't the only thing glazed over in _54_--so is the sex , but that may not be entirely christopher's fault . from what i've heard , his original vision was something considerably more dark and daring , starting with the shane character : he was conceived ( and actually filmed ) as a wild , morally ambiguous bisexual , which would have made an efficient springboard to cover the pansexual pleasure palace aspect of studio 54's legend . but somewhere between principal photography and the final cut , shane was defanged and quite literally straightened out ; consequently , so was the film . aside from a brief glimpse of erotic encounters toward the beginning of the film , shane's fleeting dalliance with seductive socialite billie ( sela ward ) , and an abbreviated bedhopping montage , the sexual dimension is just about ignored . shane , in this incarnation , is sanitized to the point of blandness , an idealistic do-gooder who pines for a frequent guest at the club , julie black ( campbell ) , a worldly soap star with , yes , a heart of gold . this tacked-on " romance " would have been slightly less tedious if either campbell or phillippe made some connection with each other or the audience . they fail on both counts . ultimately , _54_'s failure comes down to three letters : f-u-n . as in , there isn't any to be had for the audience . too much time is spent with the boring shane , and too little is spent on the club floor , where all the action took place . anyhow , though , whatever time is spent on the 54 floor is not used very effectively . when anita finally gets her big break and perform onstage at the club , it should be a euphoric height , for her , the crowd , and the audience ; however , the moment doesn't get a chance to reach that level , for it is cut short by a moment of forced sentimentality , which also mars the film's conclusion ( one of the last-minute reshoots ) . strangely upbeat and wistful , the resolution is wholly unconvincing and unsatisfying . there is an interesting portrait of studio 54 out there--two of them , in fact--but _54_ is not one of them . they're on cable tv : a couple of documentaries produced by e ! and vh1 . these two fascinating looks at the club and all the sordid goings-on within it show that there's still a great disco movie to be made . the problem is , after the critical and certain box office failure of _54_ , the subject may have run its hollywood course . 
delicatessen ( directors : marc caro/jean-pierre jeunet ; screenwriters : gilles adrien/marc caro ; cinematographer : darius khondji ; editor : herve schneid ; cast : dominique pinon ( louison ) , marie-laure dougnac ( julie clapet ) , jean-claude dreyfus ( clapet-the butcher ) , karin viard ( mademoiselle plusse ) , ticky holgado ( marcel tapioca ) , anne-marie pisani ( madame tapioca ) , jacques mathou ( roger ) , rufus ( robert kube ) , howard vernon ( frog man ) , edith ker ( granny ) , boban janevski ( young rascal ) , mikael todde ( young rascal ) , chick ortega ( postman ) , silvie laguna ( aurore interligator ) , howard vernon ( frog man ) ; runtime : 96 ; miramax/constellation/ugc/hatchette premiere ; 1991-france ) reviewed by dennis schwartz a black comedy set in the near future in a boarding house run by a depraved butcher . the comedy is played more in comic strip style for entertaining value than for deeper satire , as it features mostly zany sophomoric sight gags and relies heavily on special effects . the world has fallen on hard times and there are food shortages which include no meat , so the butcher serves up meat from human flesh to customers who pay with grain , almost as valued a commodity . that's the big joke in the film and the novelty of that cannibalism idea wears thin mighty fast , as the characters are too absurd and sketched too thinly for us to care about them . this tasteless postapocalyptic french comedy is a first feature for the co-directors marc caro/jean-pierre jeunet . it failed to reach my funny bone and instead left me mostly annoyed at its slight story and its dark projections for the future . an ex-circus clown named louison ( dominique pinon ) , the film's too-good-to-be-true hero , answers an ad for work as a handyman for clapet ( jean-claude dreyfus ) , and the butcher and landlord , offers him room and board in his house . the butcher's clumsy and near-sighted daughter julie ( marie-laure dougnac ) falls in love with the skinny , weird looking clown , and the two make some music together , with her playing the cello and him a saw . they are the innocents , surrounded by a boarding house of misfits suffering from fear and watched over by her overbearing father , who has lured into his tenement the clown , as he has his past innocent victims , so that he can put his cleaver to him and then sell him as meat , which he intends to do as soon as the clown fixes up the tenement . the entire film takes place in the shabby tenement , and the tenants are an odd lot of bizarre malcontents , who do not trust each other . there are two youngsters ( boban janevski & mikael todde ) who do any kind of mischief they can . a frog man ( howard vernon ) who lives with water on the floor so he can raise his frogs and snails that he eats . two brothers ( mathou & kube ) who create little cow-moo novelty toys . a man ( holgado ) who sells a bullshit detector to the butcher for his piece of meat . a slutty woman ( karin viard ) , who lives with the butcher and only wants his meat . the aristocratic woman ( silvie laguna ) who tries numerous times to commit suicide but is too inept to do it right . the tenants are too afraid to come out at night because they know what the butcher is up to , so they are forced to communicate with each other through a pipe that runs through the building ( in one scene they are all in musical harmony to the lovemaking of the butcher and his gal , as their bedsprings squeak ) . there is also a sex-crazed postman ( chick ortega ) , who lusts for the butcher's daughter and carries a gun while delivering the mail . there is also an underdeveloped subplot about a band of incompetent underground veggie fanatics , called trogolodistes , who have been summoned to rescue the clown and steal some grain . the directors overloaded the film with too many eccentrics , as the comedy seemed forced while the surreal look of the film added no dramatic intensity . delicatessen could have some appeal to the cult film crowd who like their meat sliced thin , monty python fans , and those who liked terry gilliam's brazil , a film similar in spirit . 
retrospective : city of the living dead ( 1980 ) a film review by mike watson copyright 1997 mike watson i once heard someone describe the films of italian schlock horror director lucio fulci as " dim-witted " . and by golly , just about all other words fail me when confronted with a dog like city of the living dead . although the late fulci managed some rather good thrillers in his career , this is not one of them . two points in the movie's favour - the impressive camerawork of sergio salvati and occasionally evocative score by fabio frizzi - keep things from falling totally into the abyss , but by and large city of the living dead is a failure . and like most cinematic failures , it comes down to bad writing , dumb performances and lousy direction . the story starts in new york when , during a seance , a medium ( katherine mccoll ) sees a vision of a priest hanging himself in the town of dunwich , massachusetts . for reasons we won't go into here , this opens the gates of hell which must be closed by all saints day or the dead will rise and walk the earth . the medium apparently dies of fright during the seance , but awakens in her coffin in the graveyard the next day and is rescued by a crusty old journalist ( christopher george ) . that scene in itself is a howler : why would you bust open a coffin with a large pick axe when you know someone is alive inside ? and don't cadavers have various things stuffed in them and drained out of them before they're buried ? anyway , off the two of them go to dunwich to save the world , where various grisly goings-on are already happening as all saints day approaches . fulci's graphic gore is in evidence once again , but here it only serves to further highlight the film's flimsy script and plodding direction . the dialogue , in all manner of speaking , is unspeakable . not bad in the quotable sense , like an ed wood film , but bad in its sheer dullness or blatantly obvious " lets explain the plot " type approach . mccoll doesn't have a clue who her character is : deadly serious one minute , frivolous the next , she at times is genuinely hard to watch . and the geezer ( the actor's name escapes me ) who plays the town psychiatrist becomes even harder to stomach than mccoll as the film progresses . christopher george's performance is salvageable , but he gets his brains ripped out in the end by a zombie and we don't care . in fact we don't care for anyone in city of the living dead , though in other fulci films that hasn't mattered so much when he was on form as a stylist and an ideas man , as he was in the beyond . as a director , some of fulci' idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and annoying here . he constantly uses extreme close-ups of people's eyes , a ridiculous technique which suggests an attempt to convey the emotion that his dialogue and actors aren't capable of . and despite some gruesome violence , he barely manages a single scare in the entire film . long-time collaborator fabio frizzi , talented but always erratic , offers a patchy soundtrack that veers between eerie , gothic death marches and woefully inappropriate electro-pop that's quite frankly embarrassing . fulci's other films of this period may be flawed - house by the cemetery , the beyond , the black cat - but they are nonetheless films with more inspiration , atmosphere and better dialogue than this turkey . for completists only . 
54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . a greater writer might have created a lyrical sentence for each of those adjectives , flowing in lovely arangements with soaring metaphors . i , however , would rather cut to the chase . 54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . there is nothing in it -- not a glimpse of depth , nor a shimmer of intelligence or insight . there is no electricity in any of the scenes , or a moment of interest in the story or its subplots . and it's underdeveloped , and features an array of bland characters played by actors who think they're in this year's boogie nights . they are so wrong . the picture has been assembled by mark christopher . based on this film , i don't know how he got a job in the business . 54 is supposed to be an amazing insight into the world of the dance club of the same name , which originated in the 70s and closed down in the 80s . i don't know if this film went into production after boogie nights was released , but christopher has managed to plagiarize paul thomas anderson's brilliant work in every possible way , from the framework of the plot down to the style of the cinematography . what it lacks is everything that made boogie nights great : depth , intelligence , energy , fascinating characters , and challenging themes . 54 can't even measure up to the last days of disco , which is flawed , but still smart and entertaining . it's remarkably bad timing , i'd say , to release a film this tedious after a couple of noteworthy pictures of the same kind . i have exaggerated , though : there is one interesting character , and one terrific performance . that character is steve rubell , played with more perceptiveness by mike myers than this limp production deserves . steve rubell is the owner of studio 54 , and if christopher had focused on him , then myers could have forced a good film out of this wreck all by himself . alas , we are instead guided to endure the trials of a young man named shane ( ryan phillippe ) , a going-nowhere new jersey teen who gets a job in the club , thanks to rubell's homosexual impulses . it's here that he meets his friends , the array of uninteresting characters : his co-worker , greg ( brecklin meyer ) , his wife , anita ( salma hayek ) , and , of course , the love interest , julie black ( neve campbell ) . shane is just an innocent young fool in the beginning , and he has a reasonably sturdy home life . ( some of the scenes with his father border on interesting , while heather matarazzo , who plays his sister , pushes phillippe off the screen . ) but he decides to envelop himself in the disco scene , and succumb to peer pressure and to drugs . why his " friends " push him into drugs is never really explained , but the fact that they are " friends " is questioned only is superficial ways ( greg gets really mad at shane because he's been elevated to bartender status ) . there isn't a single conflict that takes center stage , except that shane has some kind of unexplored reservation with the business in which he works . most of the film is dumb , and most of the dialogue is inane . there's a scene late in the film in which shane confronts julie black , and , in the next scene , they're arm-in-arm without a bit of development . then , they're kissing in a bowling alley ! this is five minutes of material , thrown into the picture at the last minute ( well past the one-hour mark , and this isn't a long film to begin with ) . campbell is a talented actress , but she needs a role that gives her a little depth . this one doesn't . and phillippe has almost no presence whatsoever ; this performance pales in comparison to mark whalberg's star-making role in boogie nights . he seems dumb and misguided , and his voice never changes tone . i guess he was picked for the color of his hair and the shape of his body , but he seems pretty lanky to me . he's all wrong for a lead role , but it doesn't help that christopher has forgotten to develop his characters . by the end of 54 , shane's most notable trait is his stupid , fake accent . the rest of the performances are wasted . hayek is an energetic , talented young actress , and does almost nothing here . meyer is endearing , but allowed to be no deeper than cardboard . only myers , by sheer force of talent , manages to rise above christopher's wading-pool of a script . rubell has been written just as depthless as the rest of the characters , but myers is good enough to inject subtleties that help round out the performance . in fact , myers is the sole reason to see 54 , and all it really does is make you wish that the film had revolved around him . i've read that studio 54 has been recreated down to the last detail . frankly , i don't care . it's easy to recreate something technical like this . a fairly skilled production designer and a few carpenters can manage such a task . besides , christopher keeps the lights so low that the sets are invisible , anyway . aside from myers' performance , 54 is a complete failure . it's dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . some may find my comparisons to boogie nights unfair , but they're so obvious to me . in any event , 54 is pallid without the contrast . it doesn't even work as mindless entertainment : it's so shallow that the most escapist viewers are likely to dismiss it . so , don't forget those key words : dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . everything else i said was just padding . 
after the huge success of " the exorcist " in 1973 a sequel was inevitable , and sadly like most horror fims that make money , the filmmakers decided to make a ridiculous sequel , that makes absolutely no sense at all , and to me was extremely pointless , wasting linda blair and max von sydow completely . needless , dumb sequel flopped in the box office , and never gained much success though it is voted as one of the worst sequels of all time , to which i agree with . to start the " story " it is four years later , and regan is being tormented by memories of what used to be , now a priest played by richard burton , is trying to figure out why this demon tried to possess regan , and now the demon somehow wants to possess her again ( maybe she was good or something ) . now they must try to stop this demon from taking over regan's body , before it is too late . some of the bad things exorcist ii has in it is : linda blair , she had no need to revive her character , and she is really terrible in this film , she brings it down to a lull , and in places it seems like it just stops in its place , and doesn't go anywhere . louise fletcher is alright for what it's worth , but she could have done a lot better than this . the direction by john boorman , is that of a confused , stylish nature that i really couldn't figure out . in fact , i had no idea what was going on in this film , the script was jumbled , the plot was jumbled , and the ending is just laugh out loud hilariosly bad . for those exorcist fans who haven't seen this one , i recommend renting it . i actually gave this one a high rating , if it were any worse it would have deserved zero pumpkins , i went easy on it however because of the fact that it has a bit of good direction , but nothing else ! im not saying i like the film now , so dont start going anywhere . bad , bad , bad movie . 
to put it bluntly , ed wood would have been proud of this . a totally ridiculous plot is encompassed with bad humor , hokey drama , zero logic and a crap screenplay . also , a beautifully anti-climactic ending . not to say it didn't look intriguing when i saw the previews . so much for truth in advertising . roland emmerich , who's later " independence day " would look like " the 400 blows " compared to this , co-writed and directed this inane sci-fi film which uses the cliche of there being some connection between eqypt and aliens . in a useless opening sequence , men find a stone in 1914 with hieroglyphics on it . it wouldn't be till present day ( '94 ) till they would actually figure it out . they're decipherer ? a slightly-neurotic scientist ( nice twist ) , dr . dan jackson ( james spader , doing his best outside of erotic thrillers and some indy fare ) who's life sucks so much that people walk out of his lectures after the third word . why do they use him to decipher what no one else could ? so there is a hokey ending ! duh ! he figures it out in about a minute . yea . and then they get a suicidal colonel or something , " jack " o'neill ( kurt russel , with his wyat earp locks in the beginning then a flat-top that would make howie long snap into a fetal position ) . why a suicidal colonel ? for the ending ! you'll get the hang of this . they open the stargate , a bunch of them go through it with a bomb to blow it up if they find anything bad . after an overdone special effects thing , they're . . . inside a goddam pyramid . so they went to egypt , right ? wrong . they're on another planet that was filmed in egypt . they discover a cilvilization ruled by ra , the sun god ( the androginous jaye davidson , with a voice modifier to make him sound like barry white with asthma ) , and there are fights , explosions and a kiss between two people . yea . also melodrama , stupidity , hokey scenes and a bizarre language . an anti-climactic ending ends with stupid lines ( " say hello to king tut , asswhole ! " - the quintessential line , lemme tell ya ) and some convenient pesudo-pseudo-pseudo-character development . by the end , you just wanna go home and watch , i don't know , the " outer limits " or something . the script's terrible . the special effects are okay , but nothing great . the story's so weak that it's almost opaque . the whole experience just isn't worth it unless you're so bored that you'd consider watching a " full house " marathon . . . or this . i'd pick this , obviously , but still , it's just not fun at all . and i can't wait for it to premier on mst3k . 
there's a scene early on in " jawbreaker " where a character utters the unintentionally prophetic line , " that is * so * not funny " . how right she was . this pathetic tale of three high-schoolers who accidentally kill their best friend in a birthday kidnapping prank gone horribly awry is never even remotely funny . or fun . or original . not content with the too-obvious " heathers " heisting , the filmmakers proceed to lift freely from a staggering variety of sources , including " carrie " , " bride of frankenstein " , " blue velvet " , and even shaw's pygmalion , itself recently remade as " she's all that " . " jawbreaker " is a pastiche , and not even an enjoyable one . i find it extremely telling that the most engaging part of the film is the credit sequence , a jawbreaker factory montage inexplicably backed by veruca salt's " volcano girls " ; serving as a blueprint for the rest of the film , the song has absolutely nothing to do with the footage we're watching . just close your eyes and pretend you're listening to an alt-rock station ; you won't be missing anything . the blame for a mess this big has to be spread around among the principals . rebecca gayheart , following roles in " scream 2 " and " urban legend " , should have known better than to take yet another role in yet another teen body count movie . pam grier has totally wasted any credibility she might have gotten from her role in quentin tarantino's " jackie brown " . and rose mcgowan should just quit acting . she has no charisma , no presence , and no acting skills other than rolling her eyes and looking disaffected . mcgowan manages to be upstaged by her real-life boyfriend , rocker marilyn manson , whose fifteen second role here is far more interesting than anything any of the " real " actors are doing . manson , sans trademark makeup & contact lenses , and with an obviously fake moustache , looks eerily like nicholas cage ; who woulda thunk it ? that crack about direction by committee wasn't merely a pithy sound-bite . stylistically , thematically & narratively , " jawbreaker " is all over the map , varying wildly in tone & content from scene to scene . though credited solely to writer/director darren stein , one gets the feeling that no two scenes here were actually guided by the same hands . if stein was indeed responsible for the whole of this atrocity , someone needs to get the man some drugs , pronto . prozac , lithium , kava , ritalin , something , anything . he's quite obviously in desperate need of chemical help . " jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i've ever seen . to call " jawbreaker " garbage would be to insult garbage . bad flicks for the rest of the year are safe ; i've already got my pick for worst film of '99 . " jawbreaker " runs approximately 90 minutes , though it feels longer than " titanic " , and is rated r for language , sexual situations and graphic violence . not recommended for kids , teens , or anyone else . 
the art of woo attempts to be one of those films like breakfast at tiffany's in which the audience is rooting for some sweet , vulnerable , irresistible woman to work out her problems and to find happiness . the problem is that helen lee who writes and directs seems to have written alessa woo ( played by sook-yin lee ) as neither sweet nor vulnerable and she is quite resistible . alessa is a young woman who happens to be a brilliant art dealer in the toronto art scene . this is some sort of alternate world art scene where people pay tens of thousands of dollars for paintings by talented beginners and dealers in these paintings fly back and forth to places like switzerland . one of the most knowledgeable of the art dealers is alessa . she also happens to be the center of adulation of her friends and every party has suitors camped outside her window . next door to alessa moves struggling genius artist and native american ben crowchild ( adam beach ) . he sees that behind the facade that there is really a sad little girl within alessa who really will not be happy with the rich art collector she is dating . ben gets emotionally involved with alessa . ( as alessa so delicately puts it , " we were bosom buddies , now we're fuck buddies . " ) but alessa will have to decide whether she wants love with ben or wealth with her rich suitor . the real problem with the film seems to be helen lee's inability to decide what she wants to be saying . she undercuts nearly everything she wants us to believe about alessa . alessa is looking for financial security but she makes decisions about large sums of money for her clients . this appears to be a high profile and well-paid job . we are supposed to care about alessa's feelings , but she coldly refuses to visit her own ailing father . alessa cannot be portrayed as sweet and vulnerable if at an art auction she turns into our man flint . this is a charmless romantic comedy that bets everything it has on the appeal of its main character and comes up double-zero . i rate it a 3 on the 0 to 10 scale and a -1 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
what do you get when you rip-off good movies like woody allen's bananas and martin scorsese's after hours ? you'd think you'd get the best of both films . instead you get woo . falling in somewhere between def jam's how to be a player ( which was awful ) and booty call ( which was ok ) , woo is yet another in the embarassing genre of showing african-americans to be nothing more than sexual buffoons . the whole film plays out as a black version of after hours , as wild woman woo ( jada pinkett smith ) goes out on a blind date with straight-laced tim ( tommy davidson ) . mayhem follows them . for some unknown reason ( read : contrived screenplay ) davidson puts up with all of woo's antics for the entire night , which include her destroying his bathroom mirror , stealing things from his house , violently questioning him ( accusing and belittling him actually ) about previous girlfriends , causing a riot in an elegant restaurant , and other various infuriating things that any normal person wouldn't tolerate . but for the sake of this bad movie ? sure , why not ? there are a few chuckles in the film , the best being the scene swiped directly from bananas . in this case , davidson is running from thugs , gets into a subway car as the doors are closing , starts to taunt the thugs , then the doors open back up again . a good joke , but a stolen one . another chuckle is provided by billy dee williams' cameo as himself . movies like woo are seemingly released every three months or so , and not one of them has ever been a hit . woo won't be one either . so why was it made ? and more importantly , isn't there anyone else besides me who thinks these films are offensive ? everyone involved should really reconsider their careers at this point . [r] 
ever feel you're spending your whole life on the net ( ouch ! ) , eating , breathing and excreting web sites ? that your most meaningful relationships are being formed on the net ? that you get your best sex on the net ? if first-time director hal salwen could shoot an entire movie of characters typing at their computers , he would . as it is , he settles for characters talking on the phone . denise calls up is a movie for and about the electronic generation , where characters are too caught up with their work and insecurities prefer to live out their relationships and fantasies on the phone . it's a satire - and a sometimes funny one - about how we let handphones , call-waiting and answering machines run our lives . the problem : denise calls up is a movie about an idea . a darn good one , but still an 80 minute-long idea . and despite salwen's attempt at plots and sub-plots , despite some genuinely funny moments , you can predict the movie's outcome within the first fifteen minutes . you get the drift after a series of shots of characters explaining over the phone why they all couldn't make it for a party - nobody is going to be meeting anybody in this film , they would rather be talking on the phone . here's salwen's plot : while all the characters are in a dysfunctional , telefixated limbo , loud quirky stranger denise calls up martin to announce that she is pregnant with his child , courtesy of the sperm he donated to the local bank . as martin progresses from slamming the phone on her to long phone conversations over the baby's name , his friends - and his friends' friends - get involved , courtesy of call-waiting and double-lines . in the tigher and more tantalizing sub-plot , barbara and jerry are set up on a blind date that neither turns up for . both profess to have too complicated schedules to ever meet , but they get it going over the phone . with repeated phone sex comes a glitch ; what if the other person is simply faking it ? denise calls up scores with some inspired moments . mousy barbara metamorphoses into a vamp over her cordless , everyone shares the excitement of denise's delivery through a conference call to her handphone , and barbara's best friend gale is killed in a car accident while taling animatedly into another friend's answering machine . ( as gale's overly-chatty aunt recounts , her cordless was knicked into her ear and lodged in her brain . ) but these moments are not enough to sustain the movie . the pace sags , the dialogue drags and not much acting appears to be required of the telephone-touters . and the ending is literally a non-event as expected , everyone is too chicken to turn up for the party frank throws in gale's memory despite promising over the phone that they will . we get the point . the movie appears to be intent on flogging its terribly-'90s statement until they have it coming out of your ears . pun intended . there's even a on the movie's web site where you can win cellular phones ( as if we haven't had enough of these things already ) . watch the movie only if you find it philosophy compelling enough for a earful . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . 
you don't look at a ren ? magritte painting and search for a deeper meaning . you likewise don't look at one for 88 minutes straight . surrealist works are notable for their quirks , and they are fun , but looking at one quirk for an hour and a half is exhausting . that was my experience with i woke up early the day i died , a surrealistic , hyperactive comedy with no dialogue . it's not a silent movie ; there is lots of atmospheric music , occasional screams and weird sound effects , but nobody ever utters an audible word . though the film is distinctive , its unique style wore thin after about 20 minutes , and as it progressed , watching became a chore . the only reason the script ever got filmed is because it was written by the pseudo-legendary ed wood , the man behind such " classics " as plan 9 >from outer space and night of the ghouls . the joke , of course , is that his films are so bad , they're good ; so humorous in their inanity that they become hits . i woke up early the day i died , unfortunatly , is so bad that it's really bad . it stars billy zane ( titanic ) as a dangerous lunatic who overpowers a nurse , escapes from a mental hospital and proceeds to wonder around , stealing a car , clothes , and a load of money . our thief reaches a cemetery , where he witnesses a bizarre ritual . he falls asleep and finds himself , literally , in a hole , with his money gone . for whatever reason , he is bent on getting his hard-unearned cash back ( considering how easily he stole it the first time , why didn't he just go steal some more ? ) . he comes upon a list of the people who were at the mysterious ceremony and commences to seek out each of them and kill them if they don't have what he is looking for . i don't think either director aris iliopulos nor ed wood realized that this would have made a glorious 20 minute short . the subject and the style seem to have been made for it . unfortunately , twenty minutes worth of material is stretched out to more than four times that length , and the film simply overstays its already dubious welcome . it grabbed my attention in the beginning and gradually lost it as it went on , up to the point where halfway through i was already weary . it might seem odd that a film as furiously paced as this one can be so tedious ; but the surprise will wear off when you consider how repetitive it is . i woke up early the day i died is a comedy , i guess , though it could have fooled me . unlike most ed wood films , this one tries to be funny and fails , instead of the other way around . there's nothing inherently wrong with that , in fact , i think it would only make sense for someone who has been so " good " at making unintentional comedies to take a stab at a real one . whether wood actually went for comedy in his script we'll never know , but in either case , this is a failure . jonathan taylor thomas , christina ricci , summer phoenix , john ritter and others show up for short and pointless cameos . ricci , for example , plays a prostitute . her role consists of dancing around with zane in his motel room and then being thrown out . thomas is an astonished onlooker as a woman gets thrown off a cliff . was the home improvement teen heartthrob really that desperate for work ? zane , meanwhile , occupies himself by making weird faces at the camera when he is not called upon to run around wildly and beat people up . lack of dialogue makes him the ultimate caricature . the carnival side-show climax manages to demonstrate everything that is wrong with this no-budget production . it's desperately unfunny , but thinks it's the funniest thing since plan 9 ; , it's so spontaneously surrealistic it makes your head spin all while being confusing enough to make your head spin twice as fast in the other direction . i hope another film is made from an ed wood screenplay for i woke up early the day i died is not a fitting send-off . ? 1999 eugene novikov &#137 ; 
the happy bastard's quick movie review the concept of enjoying a stupid comedy is best realized as keeping it stupid , really . shift gears even once and the audience can be thrown miserably out of control . sadly , that is the case with kingpin , a film directed by the farrelly brothers , the duo that brought us there's something about mary and dumb and dumber . since the duo directed and didn't write the script , i can assume that's part of the problem . the story seems good enough : a pro bowler in the 1970's by the name of roy munson ( woody harrelson ) is sitting on top of the world . his popularity has gone through the roof and he's getting his career off the ground . then , however , he runs into ed mccracken ( bill murray ) , a rival bowler with hardly any real consideration for , well , anything . these two form an ill-timed relationship that involves risky betting , and , before roy sees it coming , ed's abandoned him and he's about to lose his hand in a bowling ball machine . forward seventeen years later , where roy has become quite the loser , complete with mechanical hand , torn-up car , and , of course , the occasional knocking up of the ugly-ass landlord to avoid paying rent for a while . however , he finds a glimmer of a hope upon a visit to a local bowling alley , where he runs into an amish kid named ishmael ( randy quaid ) , who has quite the bowling arm . with the kid's help , he figures he can be known again , particularly at the biggest bowling tournament rapidly approaching in reno , nevada . of course , the amish kid needs some coaxing , particularly when you consider , well , he's amish . this leads to some of the best comic scenes in the film , such as roy's process of removing horseshoes or milking the cow . finally , the duo get on the road and , along the way , pick up an additional helper- a beautiful hustler ( played by the gorgeous vanessa angel ) . the main problem i had with kingpin wasn't the fact it wasn't funny . in fact , it does have some rather hilarious scenes in it , such as the aformentioned above and roy's explanation of not having children ( something involving a cheese grater ? ) . but that's just it- scenes . there's a couple of really serious scenes that throw off the entire momentum of the movie , like the abuse angel takes from her hustler ex-boyfriend . i mean , was this really necessary ? couldn't have this been handled just a bit wackier ? i mean , this is a comedy , why throw ethics in ? particularly in a farrelly brothers vehicle , where hair gel can be easily mistaken ? that really ruined it , however , and that's too bad . the acting is top notch , especially from angel and murray , and the really funny scenes are worth noting . still , if you're going to think dumb , think dumb all the way through , ok ? at least the farrelly brothers got back on track with mary or i'd still be a little bit irked . 
teenagers have a lot of power in hollywood . every year countless films will be made targeting that audience in particular , and rely on the entire teenage population to turn out on friday and saturday nights , wallets in hand . the formula is very simple , you make a film with a big name young actor or actress with sex appeal . you add a high school environment that features everyone from prom queens to math club nerds , and then a very simple relationship conflict that can be worked out in 90 minutes , the typical teenage attention span . the response is enormous as this part of the population will waste it92s money on almost any = film set in an environment they can relate to , and , most importantly , they don92t care to judge films=92 quality , so any piece of trash will = due . that is just what never been kissed , the latest film from director raja gosnell , is ; trash . josie geller ( drew barrymore ) is the youngest copy editor in the history of the chicago sun times . she has her own personal assistant , unlimited supplies , and her own office . but she is very much dismayed with her position in life . there is nothing she wants more than to be a reporter and go out into the field , where she can play a more active role in the chicago media . so when an assignment is quite literally thrown at her out of nowhere , she jumps at it with elation . constantly smothering josie in the work place is her friend anita ( molly shannon ) and her amicable superior , gus ( john c . reilly ) . the two of them are both stricken with horror upon hearing the news of her first assignment , as they both deem her to be an office worker and not a reporter . however , since this film is aimed at a teenage audience with little patience for character conflict , this otherwise interesting scenario is resolved within two minutes , and josie is headed for the field . obviously , the field assignment involves a high school . specifically , she is to become an undercover reporter at a high school , by enrolling in the senior class and " becoming one of them . " i don92t think that i = need to even begin to explain all the impossibilities of this situation ever occurring , so i won92t . the movie develops into josie trying to find the life that she never led in high school . interwoven flashback scenes show us just how much of a dork she truly was , and she appears to be heading down that road again . fortunately for this lame production , other characters do appear that make some of these high school scenes both humorous and remotely interesting . they include the predictable love stories , between both a student ( jeremy jordan ) and a teacher ( michael vartan ) , to show that josie is really two people in one body . also , her younger brother and opposite , rob ( david arquette ) comes into her new found life and even causes a rare scene that is mildly provocative . the humor found in this film is actually quite amusing . typical for teenage films , it is chalk full of sexual innuendoes and condom humor . one scene in particular features a certain classroom activity involving bananas and latex that is absolutely hysterical . most of the other jokes are straight forward high school humor that anyone who has ever been to high school can appreciate and will enjoy . but those still don92t = recover for the total lack of quality in this movie . following this trend of high school movie rules , comes the general acting . it is even worse than the trend of overplaying a scenario from film to film . in this case , drew barrymore is absolutely painful to watch . she is required to play her character on two levels , having some very black and white transitions . and although some scenes are written to be particular shades of gray , she seems to hold that color throughout all of her screen time . at one point she is alone with an obvious love interest on a ferris wheel , and is expected to him on an adult level , since he is one , her teacher . but she never seems to get out of the gray area , and in doing so she makes a mockery out of his otherwise good performance . following barrymore is the pitiful molly shannon ( saturday night live ) . she seems to be limited to playing an ecstatic character that no one can relate to , and draws the attention of an audience as simply unrealistic . it is these " qualities " that prevent the aforementioned condom scene from being one of the few decent . luckily there is one great performance to emerge out of this otherwise bleak film . david arquette ( scream ) takes home the prize for being able to stand out in an ensemble performance that is absolutely pathetic , and not have his brilliant acting ruined . and as a central character he gets to take on his own mini-plot , which is one of the few well done parts of never been kissed . in a dazzling cherry-on-the-sundae type piece of work , he does an absolutely hilarious tom cruise impression from the 1983 hit , risky business . never been kissed is a mediocre film at best . the predictable plot has become so overplayed in hollywood , that it is sickening to watch time and again , and this film is no exception . the acting is just as bad , but there is the one positive presence of david arquette to add some light . unfortunately , the bottom line is that the movie will be a success , because teenagers will pay to see any trash . 
dear god , this is a fantastically bad film ! regardless of what i say about knock off , you can't grasp its awfulness from my words . you have to see it and experience it for yourself . here's the kicker , though -- i suggest that you do so . yes , this is a bad film -- easily one of the most incompetent films of the year -- but it has a certain misguided charm that makes it a unique kind of disaster to endure . in fact , i enjoyed myself for most of its brief running time , despite the dreadful acting and a completely incomprehensible story . don't get me wrong : i'm not excusing knock off . it reaches an unacceptable level of badness ; it's so incoherent that i wonder if it was hacked up worse than the avengers was . it also features some truly terrible performances from lela rochon , michael wong , paul sorvino , and -- of course -- jean-claude van damme . it does , however , have the entertaining presence of rob schneider , and the excessively inventive and pretentious direction of tsui hark . as i watched it , i occasionally wondered if it was aware of its own awfulness . now , in retrospect , it seems clear that it wasn't , but it's still a fascinating kind of mess . i don't like writing plot descriptions ( it is , by far , the most boring part of writing a review ) , but , in this case , i'm off the hook : there is no way i could write an accurate synopsis for knock off . for the sake of comparison , i had no trouble understanding the usual suspects during my first viewing . i paid closer attention to knock off , and the only thing i am able to say about it is that van damme plays a dude named ray , and is accused by the cia ( i think ) of selling knock off products ( knock off products are , of course , products that look like name-brand materials but are generic and cheap ) . i don't know what any of this has to do with martial arts , but there are lots of martial arts in the film . ray is good at martial arts , so when he has to beat up bad guys , there's no problem . rob schneider plays his sidekick , although i had no idea who he really was by the end of the film . lela rochon is just some woman who accuses them of stuff , while paul sorvino is both the good guy and the bad guy at once ! in fact , every character goes through so many shifts from good to bad that the end provides absolutely no insight into what any of them really do . in that order , knock off is completely incoherent and makes absolutely no sense . but what a strange mess it is . it was written by stephen e . de souza , who also wrote die hard and 48 hours . can this be the same man ? i don't see how , unless , of course , huge chunks of the film have been removed for the sake of running time . knock off seems to have an interesting premise ( as far as action films go ) , but there's no semblance here . for instance , van damme is introduced , and then seconds later he's running a chariot race through the streets of hong kong . why ? who knows . what are the implications of this ? i have no idea . most action films abandon depth in favor of action , and this is normally a problem . knock off , however , is the first film that i would have preferred to see with all of the talky sequences cut . the acting is embarrassingly bad : rochon , in particular , delivers each of her lines with stiff and talentless insincerity . sorvino , in addition , deserves better than this . van damme is bad , but he's charming in that bad way , and so i can't say that he's hard to watch ( although i rarely understood what he was saying ) . the only exception is rob schneider , who is actually quite funny a lot of the time . tsui utilizes so many tricks that he makes john woo look tame by comparison . they're all pointless gimmicks though , such as shots of the inner-workings of a knock off running shoe . but his action scenes are never boring : one particular piece inside of a fruit factory ( a fruit factory ? ) is well-choreographed . lots of the scenes are pitched well to comedy , such as our heroes' first encounter with the rochon character . but did tsui know that his film is beyond ludicrous ? i hope he did , for the alternative is a frightening thought . knock off has the feel of a truly terrible exercise in camp mania . if it were boring , i'd give it zero stars . but it's not boring : it's loud and excessive and completely incoherent . it's also funny , even when it isn't meaning to be funny . a bad film that succeeds as entertainment doesn't deserve to be fully lambasted . i recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness , but i can't deny it's zany , useless charm . oh , i know , they're just action scenes looking desperately for a real story , but they're fun action scenes amongst a crowd of laughably inane concepts . it's fun to admire the awfulness of a film like this , but that doesn't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful . 
wesley snipes is a master of selecting bad action roles . murder at 1600 , u . s . marshals , money train , drop zone , boiling point , and the ultimate camp film - passenger 57 . the art of war is another entry in this very ugly and unique category . ultimately , it is little more than a ridiculous action film with a plot as believable as the warren report , ugly violence that would have made peckinpah cringe , and terrible acting by b-list actors like michael biehn and anne archer . oddly , it feels like the undiscovered sequel to another snipes " masterpiece , " rising sun . the movie revolves around the convenient story of a special un operative caught up in a secret murder conspiracy involving a chinese ambassador , the chinese triad brotherhood , a rich chinese businessman ( played by ? that bad guy from rising sun , cary-hiroyuki tagawa ) a chinese un interpreter , and , inexplicably , donald sutherland . the film ends with more confusion than a boatload of chinese immigrants trying to register at ellis island . or should i say the film ends with the most blatant ripoff of both the matrix and all of john woo's hong kong films combined . i am really at a loss to figure out why wesley snipes had the gumption to not only star in this action dud but also act as one of the producers of the film . i usually enjoy snipes' movies - though his dramatic roles better show off his creativity as an actor than the flashiness of his action films . simply , i am amazed by the how inane the script was , filled with terrible cliches and extremely violent action sequences . director christian duguay ( screamers ) has a strange attraction to the viciousness of violent acts -- showing splattering brains , people impaled with broken shards of glass , and lots of gargling and gagging as blood sprays everywhere . it also sickens me to know that oliver stone , one of the greatest directors working today , had his hand in producing this monstrosity . i guess snipes sold stone on the conspiracy angle and stone chose not to read the script , watch the dailies , be involved in casting , or anything else -- or else he'd be filing a court order to remove his name from the credits . it's also seems evident that with the russkies as our new bosom buddies and the middle eastern terrorist angle being beaten to death in the last couple of years that the new international enemies in hollywood are the communist chinese . i'm sure over the next couple of months , even more " chinese conspiracy/martial-arts action flicks " are going to be popping up in your local multiplex . hopefully they won't include wesley snipes . 
as with any gen-x mtv movie ( like last year's dead man on campus ) , the movie is marketed for a primarily male audience as indicated by its main selling points : sex and football . those two items , wrapped in a guilty-pleasure package , are sure to snare a sizeable box office chunk initially , but sales will decline for two reasons . first , the football sequences are nothing new , nor can they be ; the sports genre isn't mainstream and it's been retread to death . second , the sex is just bad . despite the appearance of a whipped cream bikini or the all-night strip-club party , there's nothing even remotely tantalizing . the acting is mostly mediocre , not including the fantastic jon voight . cultivating his usual sliminess , voight gives an unexpectedly standout performance as west canaan coyotes head coach bud kilmer . kilmer is the driving force behind the coyotes' twenty-two conference championships and two state titles in thirty years ; this year he plans to make it twenty-three . unfortunately , when his star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , goes down for the count , he's got to rely on the unreliable abilities of backup john moxon ( james van der beek ) . moxon leads the team through its last four games , and then must cope with his newfound stardom , the effect it has on his relationship with girlfriend julie ( amy smart ) , and other temptations that abound in football-crazy west canaan . most regions of the country are not nearly as football-crazy as texas , and so the atmosphere is likely to be lost on most . similarly , the set design is wrong for a high school setting : the teams are decked out with sparkling uniforms , radio headsets ( which never seem to work , however , and instead require coaches to signal plays manually ) , and even a giant bronze statue of coach kilmer . these elements ( as well as the heavy drinking and carousing ) might be more appropriate on a college campus -- but mtv's core audience is the high school demographic . this focus is further emphasized by the casting : james van der beek , of tv's " dawson's creek , " is an understandable choice for the reluctant hero , although he never manages to do anything with the role . other stars are similarly young and unmemorable . there's not much that goes right about varsity blues , and there's not much to like about it , either . everything herein has already been done , and if it hasn't , the movie manages to botch it one way or another . this is certainly missable . 
robin williams , this time without a beard , returns to drama in this sloppy , sickly sweet fantasy with few redeeming features apart from the incredible effects . he plays chris nielsen , who meets annie ( annabella sciora ) and promptly marries her . they have two great kids , who sadly die in a car crash . just when it couldn't get any worse , chris gets killed in a car crash , and goes to heaven where he meets his guide albert ( gooding jnr . ) annie can't take the grief anymore , and kills herself . ( all sounding like good fun so far ? ) the 'penalty' for suicide is to go to hell , and chris goes on a mission to try and rescue her using the help of the traveller ( max von sydow . ) based on a novel by twilight zone writer richard matheson , what dreams may come is clunky , manufactured material doused with a extra load of sugar . this is the worse spielberg film spielberg never made . everything is wrong about this movie : the performances are forced , and the audiences fail to relate to any of the characters . williams puts on a convincing upset face , but that's all it is : a face . there's no emotion behind it . sciora's performance is lazy , and bogs down the whole film . she may look pretty , but she can't act . max von sydow is o . k as the traveller , if nothing special . cuba gooding jnr , thankfully , adds some bounce to his performance , and is certainly the best performer in the film . it's a shame that his character is so flat and 2-d , and offers no room for improvement . all the performers have to work with a soppy script , that tries it's best to get some emotion going , but never takes off the ground . there are _some_ scenes which could be real heartwarmers , but the faceless characters don't help to get anything out of the performers . while films like e . t used great actors , music and direction to pull of a masterful heart-tugging scene , what dreams may come is haphazard , expecting the emotion to come out of the scene automatically . instead , it's all rather boring . sure , the music is pretty ( by michael kamen ) and the cinematography isn't bad ( by eduardo serra ) but there's something lacking . the script doesn't help , filled with hopeless romantic clich ? s , and dud speeches . richard matheson can write some awesome science fiction stories , sadly this novel would look embarrassed in a bargain bin , let alone being converted into a $70 million vehicle for robin williams . despite being set in heaven , what dreams may come is mightily depressing . the film rushes a happy ending , but everything before this is very , very sad and black , which just adds to make the ending even more hopeless and stupid . but there's one redeeming feature about this failure of a movie : the special effects . heaven and hell are truly incredible places , and the actors fit perfectly with the virtual sets . but despite this , what dreams may come , proves to be nothing but the biggest disappointment of 1998 . instead of raising questions about existence , it raises boredom . sadly , i recommend you give this film a miss . better luck next time , robin . a david wilcock review ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes 
note to screenwriters and self : when you hit the big time , and the studios come knocking for those scripts that are sitting in your bottom drawer , tell ? em all to hit the road . gilligan wrote the arbitrarily-titled home fries ten years ago ; it was shelved until he found success as one of " the took a second look at gilligan's " comedy " - they read it again wearing rose-tinted glasses . drew stars as sally , a dim ( but sweet ) , pregnant waitress at a small town burger joint located somewhere in the southern united states . the father of her child is dead , the victim of a severe heart attack brought on by sadistic torture from his two stepsons - these flyboys scared him with their low-flying helicopter . dorian ( wilson ) and angus ( busey ) were getting even for his philandering ways on behalf of their anguished mother ( o'hara ) . trouble is , sally picked up some interference on her drive-thru headset , and angus worries she may have heard conversations that took place in the helicopter prior to the accidental killing . so dorian goes undercover as a burger-flipper ; before you can say " with cheese " he falls for the mother-to-be . too bad mom and angus have homicidal plans for sally . does this sound like a movie you want to see ? without a doubt , the best thing about home fries is barrymore ; at the risk of sounding sexist , she's never looked better than here , as a curly redhead with twinkling eyes . she is winning in a role that requires her to do absolutely nothing except look apple-cheek cute and gawk at wilson , her real-life boyfriend . but the plot and the situations are so off-putting that nothing could save it . this movie desperately wants to get mentioned in the same breath as the coen brothers , but home fries' brand of laboured hipness would be foreign to geniuses like ethan and joel . it's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it's creepy . what's funny about threatening to gun down a pregnant woman with a machine gun ? ( unless the woman in question is a spice girl . ) take out the helicopters , the quasi-incestuous relationship between the mother and her sons ( it is absolutely illogical , within the movie's framework , that dorian still lives with his mother and brother ) , and the scenes of murder ( attempted and otherwise ) , and what are you left with ? the story of a single woman with child who works at a fast food joint ( but dreams of becoming a country singer ) . that could turn out to be the most boring movie ever made , but it'd be better than home fries . 
dr dolittle ( 20th century fox ) running time : 1 hour 25 minutes starring eddie murphy directed by betty thomas riding high on the success of the nutty professor ( 1996 ) , murphy returns in this abysmal comedy . he plays doctor john dolittle , who as a child had the ability to understand animals . however , after being 'exorcised' he loses this ability , and we fast forward to see dolittle in a crummy job surrounding by crummy people ( most notably dr mark weller , played by oliver platt . ) however , with a bonk on the head his ability to understand animals returns , and 'comedy' is ready and waiting to happen . except comedy never does happen . doctor dolittle , even with the excellent premise , rarely manages to raise a laugh . poor old murphy looks bored stiff throughout the whole movie , and his performance suffers . the manic murphy we saw in the 80's is gone , his more mature ( and more boring ) twin appears to be getting all the work in the 90's . the voices of the animals , which include albert brooks , chris rock ( the 'new' eddie murphy ) and norm mcdonald as 'lucky' the dog are marginally better , and at least they put enthusiasm in the movie . sadly , most of their lines are pretty dumb . and they're not 'funny' dumb , like dumb & dumber ( 1994 ) , but just boring dumb . the film even succumbs to fart jokes halfway through , in a desperate attempt to raise some laughs . there are a few good jokes in the script , but they are few and far between . if i had to choose a favourite performance , it would probably be albert brooks tiger , who has a certain charm about him . sadly , he's barely in the movie , and rock's really annoying hamster is given far too much screen time . joke wise , we are thankfully , spared the mocking and insulting type of jokes that featured heavily in the nutty professor . the director , betty thomas , has , well , done better films . she bought us private parts ( 1997 ) and the brady bunch movie ( 1995 ) which were , sadly , much better than this . the scenes lack any charm , she just gets the job done . the animals themselves , are reasonable realistic , although most of them are obviously puppets . there's an impressive looking tiger , however , and the lip sync is pretty good . you'd have no problem guessing that most of the close up's are puppets , however , with their jilted movement . i was hoping jim hensons workshop , who created the furry friends , would have done a better job . doctor dolittle , in the end , is a disappointment for everyone involved . murphy has done much better movies ( i . e trading places ) the director has seen better days , and even the creatures aren't that good . the target audience , aged between 7-13 , who are undemanding , will probably like it however , thanks to it's dumbed down humour . everyone else , however , should give doctor dolittle a miss . 
and just when you thought joblo was getting a little soft around the corners , not rating anything lower than your standard " this movie sucks " , along comes this cinematic atrocity and he's forced to take out his secret weapon and spray it with a stench so thick , even the bravest movie-goer would think twice about seeing this waste of time . yes , despite being a third sequel to a successful original movie , the latest highlander doesn't seem to have anything going for it . oh stinky movie , let me count thee ways . . . plot : ( from what i understood ) a really bad highlander dude comes to the present looking to whack out the nice highlander dudes in order to gain their power and become the mightiest immortal . . . or something along those lines . critique : a complete and utter mess . disjointed , incoherent , boring , corny , filled with bad dialogue . . . and that's just the first thirty minutes ! this film doesn't seem to know what to do with itself . it's confusing to anyone who doesn't know the series ( i include myself in that group ) and apparently idiotic to those who do know the series ( i include die-hard highlander fan the arrow in that group ) . the film doesn't explain anything about itself . . . it just goes from one inexplicable situation to another . one moment they're in the present time , the next moment , they're in italy in the 1600s . why ? who knows . what are they talking about ? no idea . flashbacks mixed in with the present , mixed in with a few spontaneously cheesy fight sequences every now and again , and i even remember seeing one flashback scene which went even further into its own flashback scene ! ! hullo . . . ? ! ? confused yet ? i was and i basically stopped giving a crap about anyone in the film when i realized that neither the writer or director was interested in presenting me with any kind of semblance of a story . random swordplay , mad max-like dudes showing up in motorcycles in the 1800s ? or were they in the present at that time ? who knows . . . and to be honest . . . who seriously cares ! this series should have been shot in the head and put out of its own misery a long time ago , but sadly , someone at the studio decided that it still had a little life left in it . please , please . . . for the love of god and all that is holy in the world of movie-making , and mostly out of respect for those who loved the original film , put this series to bed and end it ! even christopher lambert knew enough to play second fiddle to adrian paul in this one . the director also tries to do the best he can with the muddled material , but all he could come up with is plenty of slo-mo action , some fast-motion fight scenes and lots of smoke everywhere . and is there anything spectacular about the sword-play or fight scenes ? nope . and i think we all could have done without all those zooming lambert face close-ups . . . yipes , the man is not aging gracefully , is he ? oh boy , and i haven't even gotten around to the greatest piece of over-acting that i've seen in years . the man who plays kell in this movie , bruce payne , should get a ham trophy for literally chewing up every piece of scenery that he gets near . overacting is not a hobby for this guy . . . it's a living ! he's also very funny , not purposely though . all in all , the movie stinks . nuff said . 
ever since wargames , the first real computer hacking movie , hollywood has attempted to produce more and more films about hacking . these films usually show the audience a look into computers that really is not impossible and is usually ridiculous . if it's not this , the exaggeration about what is real is usually greater than you would expect . hackers is guilty of all of these crimes . to anyone familiar with computers and/or the internet , most of the movie is so incredibly stupid that you can't take it anymore . those of you who frequent one of the greatest sites on the world wide web , the internet movie database , are probably aware of the section for movies entitled " goofs " . this is the section for mistakes in the movies . well , imdb sums up hackers extremely well with the first goof listed : " generally ill-informed and ridiculous to the extreme regarding the capabilities of computers and technology " . and truthfully , this is one-hundred percent correct . the plot , obviously , centers around computer hacking . more specifically , it follows the exploits of dade murphy , a young computer hacker played by jonny lee miller . miller should be extremely thankful for the film trainspotting , because if it were not for that , who knows where his career would be now after hackers . the film opens with a young dade murphy being arrested for hacking computer systems . he was forbidden to use a computer until he turned eighteen years old . the film then picks up at that point , an eighteen year old dade murphy hacking away at the computer . dade later meets up with fellow hackers acid burn ( angelina jolie ) , cereal killer ( matthew lillard ) , lord nikon ( laurence mason ) , and the phantom phreak ( renoly santiago ) , who are basically trying to do what is next to impossible : hack the gibson computer and not get caught by the fbi . oh , and as a little sub-plot , dade also tries to woo acid burn , the only female hacker in the film . really , i can't think of much more to say about the film's plot aside from what i've said . it's just a bunch of computer geeks ( no , obsessive compulsive computer geeks a little too advanced for reality ) running around hacking computers and staying away from the fbi . thanks to this movie , the public unfamiliar with computers now has a distorted viewpoint of computers and what they can do . this movie makes computers look a little bit too advanced for their time , and the frivolous suggestions it makes are too many to list . to sum it up , hackers is a terrible computer film . if you're looking for a film about computers closer to what goes on in the real world , i suggest sneakers . although at times it too may seem a little far fetched , it should be much more believable than hackers to regular computer users . hopefully , this film didn't influence too many young computer users out to think they can do what is portrayed in this 105 minute waste of time . 
this is not a simple plan about finding a plane load of money and getting away with the cash . this is more about a parable of greed , and how money can become the bane of your life . yes , there are elements of ? fargo' here ( the snow and cold ) , although not as vivid in the blood and gore department . it shows how greed can set of a chain of events leading to death and the destruction of lives . and how at the end of the day , the things that matter most are love , truth and honesty . although in one sense it may seem tedious , making a movie about the ugliness of greed ( not box office material ) , it does become tedious , not because of the morale ending , but because one expects the movie to end that way . this becomes apparent after the first murder to cover up the crime , the rest of the movie just spirals downward from there . the characters in this drama are a mixture of simple and intellectual folk , brothers and friends , who all fall prey to the avarice of money . they should have perhaps thrown in someone sensible , level headed and not affected by greed to give the party more balance . commendable is the exceptional performance of billy bob thornton , whose portrayal of the simpleton brother was masterful . bill paxton also gives a powerful performance as the greedier younger brother , whilst bridget fonda is convincing as the greediest wife , who indirectly causes the most problems . fill a room full of greedy people and several million dollars , and you will end up with a simple recipe for a blood bath . it's not a simple plan , when you shoot everyone you love for money , unless you're the menendez brothers . 
it was with a huge lack of something to do that i decided to watch this on good old upn on sunday afternoon , when the only good things on tv are the second-rate movies they show ( some are good : they showed " total recall " before this one ) . if you know me , i think seagal is probably the most boring action star to ever live . and this includes keanu reeves . what do i hate about seagal ? i hate how he uses one facial expression for every single threatening and non-threatening situation ( the squint ) . i hate those scenes in every movie where he goes around , bullying people up , saying stupid lines with a brooklyn accent more fake than burt reynold's hairpiece in " boogie nights . " i despise how he never gets a bruise in any of his fights . i hate how every single plot twist leads to just a melodramatic fight between he and the chief villain . i hate his non-satirical messages ( in the beginning of this one , he slaps on a quote from arthur miller , which has nothing to do with the film , except it's about brooklyn where this film takes place ) . and i hate how he's so narcissistic that he thinks that he can actually fucking sing ( during the end credits , he has a good old hill billy rock tune sung and penned by him ) . sure , the guy's probably a nice guy in person ( i actually found him very non-threatening when he was on letterman not too long ago ) . but the guy makes worse films than reagan did . so what's the plot of this shit-terpiece ? well . . . something about him trying to catch a stupid-ass crook ( william forsythe ) who shot and killed his partner in broad daylight . i couldn't believe how bad this scene was - the guy was conveniently with his family so we get the maximum emotional effect ( ahem ! ) . and forsythe even said some stupid lines to him before he took off . i'm sorry , did anyone ever hear of concealing one's self ? so in comes ex-brooklynite seagal , who dedicates his life to catching this guy . and i just wished he had caught him in the beginning , then ended the film . but noooo , this drags on , as he bullies forsythe's family members ( including a stupid bar-owner , and none other than gina gershon as his other bar-owner sister ) . and forsythe more than once threatens his family . at one point , he actually comes to their house and stalks them like a non-threatening nicholson in " the shining " ( complete with them all hiding in the bathroom , but with an added bonus of one girl conveniently loosing her cool and screaming to give them away ) . seagal paints himself as a lovable person , with a son , and a fiancee . he even shows him hanging with his son , checking up on his homework , and then about to take him out for a bit of " catch , " when he's conveniently called away on assignment . i dunno about you , but playing " catch " with seagal was one of my childhood nightmares . he also shows him as that bad-ass he wants to be , with scenes of him bullying crooks around , and taking out people who are stupid enough to attack him even after he's unarmed a chinese guy swinging bats with a pool cue . serves them right . this film , as some of his do , has an interesting supporting cast of actors who are actually talented , but don't appear to be in this film . i already mentioned gina gershon ( who's pretty horrible in this one ) , as well as william forsythe , who over-acts terribly . i know this guy can act : he was awesome in " raising arizona " as goodman's partner in crime . but he's just awful here . jerry orbach gives the only credible performance in the film as the police chief who checks up on segal after things have gone down . why is he the only one who gives a good performance ? well , because his role is small enough and sporadic enough to not tarnish his credibility . he seems to be in here just to give it a cool " law and order " feeling ( even if it's not a " cool " feeling ) . and in cameos are b-rated erotic-thriller-cinemax-style stars , shannon whirry ( as " terry malloy , " which is more of a bad joke than a clever one ) and athena massey . oh ! and " er " 's julliana margiulles has two scenes . " out for justice " just proves once again that american action films just suck . i know that there's such a good thing as good action - he's called john woo . but if you're in the mood for some good old no-brainer , fun-yet-dumb action , don't bother watching this . it's so stupid that it's boring . 
a movie like mortal kombat : annihilation works ( and must be reviewed on ) multiple levels . first , there's the rampant usage of randian subtext that pervades the entire movie . but occasionaly , almost as if making an ironic , self-depreciating remark , the movie tosses in clearly marxist imagery . no no . . . just kidding . had you going there for a moment , didn't i ? in all seriousness however , and to be fair to the movie , it * is * necessary to provide two viewpoints : that of a movie watcher unfamiliar ( or only marginally familiar ) with the whole mortal kombat phenomenon , and that of a fan of the first movie and/or a fan of the games . the first movie ( mortal kombat ( 1995 ) ) concerned itself with a martial arts tournament that would decide the fate of earth ( and it's 5 billion inhabitants ) . the mortals won , and in theory this should have prevented the emperor shao khan from taking over the earth . unfortunately , shao khan was a poor loser , and the very final scene in mortal kombat showed him arriving anyway , ready to take over the planet , as our heroes assumed a fighting stance . the first movie was extraordinarily entertaining for those ( like myself ) who are fans of the game . i'd even go so far as to say that many folks who didn't know about the game probably enjoyed the movie . the writers and directors knew the limitations of both their cast and of the basic story itself , and they didn't try to overachieve . there were a lot of really cool fight scenes ( with really cool accompanying music ) , intersperesed with some distracting ( but ultimately non-intrusive ) bits of fluff passing itself off as a plot . and , as we know , the movie was a smashing success at the box office . mortal kombat : annihilation picks up precisely where that movie left off , with some introductory exposition to clue in those who may not have seen the first movie . shao khan has decided that he's going to take over the earth * anyways * , and to hell with some silly rule about mortals winning the tournament . thereafter follows approximately 85 minutes of film that alternates between being confused , being trite , being silly , and being just plain stupid . one gets the general impression that the producers of the movie thought " hey , that last movie was such a success that we can get more money and make a * real * movie now . " too bad they didn't simply stick with the formula from the first movie . i could write volumes about the things that are wrong with this picture , but here are the high points : * the acting is truly bad . sandra hess ( playing the sonya blade character ) is particularly execrable , especially in scenes where she tries to convince us that she loved johnny cage ( a character from the first movie who gets greased at the beginning of this movie ) . * in one of the worst pieces of mis-casting i think i've * ever * seen , james remar plays raiden , the god of thunder . in the first movie , christopher lambert played raiden and played his character as though he was in on the joke : a french actor playing a japanese thunder god being revered by chinese mystics . i generally like it when actors are cast against type ( tim " tiny " lister , jr . being cast as the president of the u . s . in the fifth element , for example ) , and remar has always been one of my favorite " utility " actors but he's so totally wrong for this part that he doesn't even have the luxury of amused self-awareness . * there are too many characters that are introduced as being potentially important , but then never seen again . * there are a number of completely meaningless story sidetracks , including a muddled scene where liu kang ( robin shou ) seeks out nightwolf ( litefoot ) , has a mystical hallucination , and then wanders off with jade ( irina pantaeva ) . for these reasons ( and many others ) , i can only give the movie a 2 . . . . . . unless you're a huge fan of the games and/or the first movie . in that case , the following critiques also apply : * sandra hess , while being an even worse actress than bridgette wilson ( who played sonya blade in the first movie ) , is much more convincing as a fighter . wilson looked like she was simply mimicing some movements taught to her by the fight choreographer . hess looks like she actually knows some martial arts , and puts together a much more believable fight scene . * in the fights , each of the characters does at least * one * thing they do in the game ( and often more ) . sonya does her " kiss of death , " jax does his " earthquake , " liu kang does his " animality , " and so on . a big bonus for those of us who were looking for similar moves in the first movie and found them only rarely . * there aren't as many fight scenes in this movie as there were in the first , because the folks making the movie mistakenly try to hang a more robust plot in between . silly , silly folks . and the lamest fight involved two of the women in what turns into a mud-wrestling match . lame and so obviously sexist even i ( politically incorrect , for the most part ) noticed and remarked upon it . * the special effects are generally better , except for the final fight scene between the emporer and liu kang in which both perform their " animalities . " motaro and sheeva are both more convincing and lifelike than goro was in the first movie . for folks like myself who loved the first movie and enjoy the games , i give this a 5 . you'll probably like it , but not nearly as much as you liked the first one . 
the rich legacy of cinema has left us with certain indelible images . the tinkling christmas tree bell in " it's a wonderful life . " bogie's speech at the airport in " casablanca . " little elliott's flying bicycle , silhouetted by the moon in " e . t . " and now , " starship troopers " director paul verhoeven adds one more image that will live in our memories forever : doogie houser doing a vulcan mind meld with a giant slug . " starship troopers , " loosely based on the robert heinlein novel , is the story of an interstellar war between humans and giant insects . in the hands of verhoeven , the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made , a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale . to put it simply , it's a bug bomb . in " robocop " and " total recall , " verhoeven displayed a gift for creating an entertaining mix of violence , special effects and social satire , and " starship troopers " starts off in similar fashion , with a tongue-in-cheek futuristic military recruitment ad that shows promise . things go downhill fast , though , as we meet our heroes , a group of buenos aires teens preparing to graduate from high school . inexplicably , johnny rico , carmen ibenez , dizzy flores and xander barcalow are played by square-jawed anglo kids who look like they just stepped out of a mountain dew commercial . it's a veritable " alpha centuri 90210 " as we watch the love-smitten teens squabble in the name of love . michael ironside plays their teacher , who waves around a cheesy fake severed arm while lecturing about civic responsibilities . eventually , the kids join the military , with dreams of glory in their addled little minds . one of their classmates , carl jenkins ( " doogie houser's " neil patrick harris , ) snags a job in military intelligence because of his strong psychic abilities . he displays his gift by psychically ordering a pet ferret to crawl up his mother's leg . a long , dull boot camp sequence follows , enlivened only by an extended coed shower scene where the recruits swap snappy banter as the " showgirls " director's camera roams over their buff bodies . finally , a full hour into the film , the war finally starts and we meet the enemy . the bugs hail from klendathu and colonize planets by hurling their spores into space . they attack starships by spinning around and firing deadly plasma blasts from their rears . yes , incredible as it seems , the bugs actually kill with cosmic farts . a phenomenally large amount of money was spent creating the computer animated insects and the results are mixed at best . sweeping distant shots depicting hordes of giant bugs racing to attack are both impressive and scary , but the close-ups are a different matter . the insects have an odd , artificial look , like origami creations with a mottled plastic coating . the attack scenes are intensely violent , as one would expect from verhoeven , but the overall look is too phony to generate any real tension . while the action is frantic , the military strategy , wildly illogical even by hollywood standards , grows tiresome quickly . verhoeven tries to spice things up by throwing in more satiric news coverage , but the faux-jingoistic scenes of children " doing their part for the war effort " by squishing roaches on a sidewalk aren't enough to make up for the long stretches of sheer dreck . one can only guess what paul verhoeven was trying to do here . his customary one part satire , two parts ultra-violence formula is way out of whack , and most of the film just flounders . in " showgirls " fashion , some scenes are almost bad enough to be good . an intergalactic kegger party , with jake busey playing " dixie " on a green plexiglas fiddle , has a certain bizarre appeal . a sex scene between two of the teens achieves a smarmy charm , enhanced a few minutes later when the female receives a fatal jab from a bug , but tells her hero that she doesn't mind dying . " it's okay , " she gasps , " i got to have you ! " and then , of course , there's doogie's mind meld with a bug . it's possible that verhoeven was attempting to create an homage to the era of the original novel . heinlein's pre- " stranger in a strange land " books were aimed at adolescent males , and " starship troopers " has the antiseptic retro-future look of late 50s/early 60s sci-fi . the one cityscape shown is a jetsons-like gleaming metropolis , with flying cars whizzing past an obvious matte painting . the hairstyles are retro too , straight from the frankie avalon , annette funicello school of fashion . ultimately , verhoeven's motives are irrelevant . he has produce a gargantuan film that fails as an action film or as a social satire . it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie . avoid " starship troopers " at all costs . 
this movie is written by the man who is deemed to be " one of the hottest writers in hollywood " . he wrote the groundbreaking screenplay for scream ( 8/10 ) , then added the successful i know what you did last summer ( 7 . 5/10 ) script to his mix , and also created the popular tv series " dawson's creek " . so when he asked to direct his first movie , based on his first ever script written , everyone and their grandma said " sure , go for it ! " . uhhm , my question is . . . did anyone bother reading this stupid script ? ? ? plot : ace student leigh ann watson is mistakenly caught with some cheating papers by the bitchiest teacher in the west , mrs . tingle , and set to lose her scholarship to college . when she and her friends visit the teacher at home in order to explain their side of the story , they end up tying her up , and slowly trying to talk some sense into the hardheaded woman . critique : it's not so much that this is a bad movie , than the fact that it sucks . this movie is chock-full of one-dimensional characters , contains no actual humor that i was able to zone in on , zero tension or thrills , plot holes the size of my big ass , lame pop tunes played to mask nothing going on in the movie , and molly ringwald , vivica a . fox and lesley anne warren tossed away in throwaway roles . i was primed for this film as its interesting premise had me thinking misery ( 8/10 ) and 9 to 5 , but unfortunately for williamson , he went nowhere with the bright foundation , making references to the exorcist and dr . zhivago , which i doubt many in his target market will appreciate . he also forgot about suspense , with all of his characters based on incomprehensible decisions , unbelievable motivations and simply boring us with all of their trite dialogue . sure , katie holmes is cute , and her co-star , marisa coughlan , did a reasonably amusing impression of the exorcist ( worth two points out of my three on ten ) , but how can we forgive the biggest one-dimensional character in any film , holmes' rival in the film , mrs . tingle's complete unprofessionalism being let go by all others around her ( are teachers allowed to behave that way nowadays ? ) and a transparent romance between holmes and some long-haired dude , hired to be the poor man's version of skeet ulrich ( who himself is a poor man's version of johnny depp ! ) . all in all , this movie was laughable for me , provided me with no insight into anything , demonstrated williamson's genuine lack of directorial skills alongside a juvenile script , and provided helen mirren with a great role to chew into , unfortunately forgetting to give her character any believability , humanity or capacity to comprehend . no hip lines , no cheap thrills , just a dull time at the movie theater . if you want to see a funny teenage movie , go see detroit rock city ( 8/10 ) , and thank my drunken , sorry ass in the morning . little known facts about this film and its stars : kevin williamson's father was a fisherman . kevin used his knowledge of fishing hooks and winches when creating the killer in i know what you did last summer ( 7 . 5/10 ) . he is also a huge fan of steven spielberg and coincidentally , so is dawson leery on tv's " dawson's creek " , a show kevin created . he was once an aspiring actor . in fact , he even landed a bit part on tv's " another world " . also , williamson has gone on record to say that an unsupportive english teacher who once told him that he would never amount to anything was the inspiration for mrs . tingle , which is also loosely based on the book " killing mr . griffin " by the writer of i know what you did last summer ( 7 . 5/10 ) , lois duncan . he has also come out and said that he is a gay man . helen mirren was born in london , england under the name ilynea lydia mironoff . she is married to director taylor hackford , whose works include devil's advocate ( 8/10 ) and an officer and a gentleman ( 8 . 5/10 ) . this film was originally titled killing mrs . tingle , but was changed after the columbine high school shooting incident . actress marisa coughlan will star in kevin williamson next tv project called " wasteland " . this is actor barry watson first full feature film . he has played the character of " seth " on tv's " malibu shores " several times . 
it seemed like the perfect concept . what better for the farrelly brothers , famous for writing and directing comedies with offensive subject matter , than to make a movie about a guy with a split personality ? it's exactly the sort of thing the brothers relish : poking fun at something serious ( in this case mental illness ) , throwing all care to the wind to get a laugh . jim carrey's signed on too ? even better . the national alliance for the mentally ill even helped out by levying complaints against the brothers' new film before its opening , claiming it was misrepresenting the condition of split personality , labeling it incorrectly as " schizophrenia , " and so forth . such a protest seemed like just the sort of thing that would , of course , only add more fuel to the farrelly brothers' fire , proving that some people just couldn't take a joke , and that the farrellys would be helping the more enlightened viewers to yet another dose of their brilliantly subversive comedy . yes , it all seemed perfect , but one thing went wrong : their movie isn't funny . it's not for lack of trying . the farrellys utilize in " me , myself & irene " their most high-concept premise ever : carrey plays charlie baileygaites , a man who after being dumped by his wife for a midget limo driver , decides to bury all his aggressive feelings deep down inside and never release them . this , of course , means all his neighbors exploit his entirely too-forgiving nature , making his job as a rhode island state trooper increasingly difficult . soon enough , charlie's repressed aggression manifests itself into a second , independent personality named hank , a deep-voiced , boorish ogre unafraid of taking the assertive actions his predecessor had been unable to muster . this guy isn't above crashing a car through the wall of the barber shop in which he's been insulted , or holding a little girl's head underwater because she refused to stop jump-roping in the street . then things start getting lost in the most complicated plot the farrellys have ever attempted , and the film runs off its tracks . some have suggested that this isn't a problem , because the farrelly brothers' brand of humor doesn't require plot to work . they're wrong , of course : plot was greatly instrumental in building up the kind of rollicking comic energy that infused the farrellys' last effort , 1996's " there's something about mary . " ( 1999's " outside providence " was technically an earlier project . ) the brothers' earlier film wasn't funny merely because it contained outrageous gags ( despite what some newsmagazine articles would have you believe ) , but rather because its most outrageous gags were entirely unexpected . in " mary , " the farrellys managed several times to pull off a neat sleight-of-hand trick : they'd have you thinking the story was going one way , then reveal its real direction in delightfully surprising fashion . " me , myself & irene , " by contrast , seems to have been made by folks who looked at " mary " and saw only the surface grossness , missing all of the subtle machinations that really made it work . having been produced by the same guys who made " mary , " " irene " seems like an even bigger disappointment . the brothers pile on the offensive humor , taking shots at race , midgets , albinos , mental illness , and all manner of bathroom jokes . but they haven't come up with a way to make any of it fresh most of " me , myself & irene " comes off as rote , by-the-numbers , adolescent comedy . the plot , with carrey forced to drive alleged fugitive irene p . waters ( renee zellweger ) , who's in more trouble than anyone knows , back to new york , has an ending that's entirely predictable from the get-go . ( think charlie and irene will fall in love ? yeah , me too . ) the farrellys then introduce scores of different characters , and none of them ever manage to do anything you haven't already expected them to do , no matter how outrageous their actions might be . compared to the curveballs the farrellys are used to throwing , this stuff is almost entirely soft-tossed , presenting an obvious problem : when gross-out humor loses its shock value , it's no longer funny , merely gross . the jokes that do work are milked over and over until their effectiveness runs dry . take , for example , the subplot involving charlie's three black sons ( anthony anderson , mongo brownlee , jerod mixon ) . the incongruity of it all is funny for a while , with three burly black men discussing higher math in ghetto language and white-bread carrey mouthing said language with an entirely too-pleasant smile on his face . but by the end of the film , they're still doing the same schitck it hasn't been elevated to another , funnier level , and it hasn't been dropped either . that's too bad , because it ceases to be amusing about halfway through . " me , myself & irene " reeks of wasted opportunities . there ought to be more focus on how other people react to charlie's new personality , and on how charlie deals with the consequences of hank's actions . this doesn't really happen nearly every supporting character learns about charlie's condition early on , so they don't have any opportunity to be surprised by it . the film throws what looks like a patented farrelly curve in a scene towards the midway point ( involving an albino companion charlie and irene pick up called , appropriately , " whitey " ) , but the script doesn't go anywhere with it , instead leaving the thread twisting in the wind before awkwardly tying it up during the climax . jim carrey is a gifted comedian , both physically and vocally , but he's left with nothing much to do here except contort himself in a manner similar to steve martin in " all of me . " it's a great showcase of flexibility and split-second role-shifting , but none of it is terribly funny . carrey doesn't pull any stunts we don't expect him to pull , and the farrellys' script doesn't give him anything else to pull : the situations in which he must perform the role-shifting aren't set up in any meaningful way . perhaps carrey can take solace in the fact that his supporting actors fare no better . zellweger's irene is not a strong female lead mary in " mary " may have been part adolescent fantasy , but she was also intelligent and strong-willed . irene is nothing in particular , as the film never makes clear whether she's ditzy , clever , or neither . as such , she gives us nothing to latch onto as the only " sane " person in the film . chris cooper is stuck playing exactly one note as a corrupt fbi agent , and his character is entirely too straight-laced for a movie like this . he , like the others , does absolutely nothing unexpected . after viewing the shapeless mess that " me , myself & irene " eventually dissolved into , i was stuck wondering whether or not the farrellys had outsmarted themselves . maybe their kind of comedy can only work for so long until audiences get wise to it and stop being shocked . but i don't believe it -- good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audiences even after people have grown attuned to their style . if the farrellys are indeed good , smart filmmakers ( and i still think they are ) , they'll rebound just fine . even after that happens , though , i'll still consider " me , myself & irene " to be a high-caliber misfire . 
" meg ryan is irresistible in the comedy that celebrates sisterhood ! , " screams the television ads for " hanging up , " disastrously written by real-life sisters delia and nora ephron and sloppily directed by diane keaton . make me laugh again ! not only is " hanging up " misadvertised , since the film wholeheartedly focuses on middle sister meg ryan and gives her two co-stars , lisa kudrow and diane keaton , little more than extended cameos , but they don't actually come together until the final ten to fifteen minutes . and we are supposed to believe their strong bond , and smile in the last scene when they rekindle their rocky relationship , despite them being apart for the majority of the running time ? excuse me , again , while i almost bust a gut at that truly delusional notion . eve marks ( meg ryan ) is the middle mozzell sister , still living in the california town where she grew up , and with a husband ( adam arkin ) and pre-teen son ( jesse james ) . her elderly , wisecracking father , lou ( walter matthau , in his brightest performance in years ) has just recently been put into the hospital , in the final stages of what i assume is alzheimer's ( even though the film never enlightens us on exactly what is wrong with him ) . while eve's relationship with her mother ( cloris leachman ) is nearly nonexistent , since she ran out on lou and her children years ago , she has had her fair share of up's and down's with lou , who used to be an alcoholic . her older sister is georgia ( diane keaton ) , an editor for the self-titled magazine , " georgia , " while maddy ( lisa kudrow ) is the youngest , a soap opera actress . interestingly , their professions are given , but we not once ever see them working at their jobs , or , for that matter , learn much of anything about them . maddy , georgia , and eve do not see each other much anymore , their adult lives gradually causing them to drift apart , but they do manage to consistently talk on the phone to one another . and they talk . and talk . and talk . . . in fact , the telephone is the major star of the film , even more so than ryan , as it appears in virtually every scene of this interminable 92-minute catastrophe that feels like its three hours long . if you are able to get through the opening half-hour , in which phones ring so much you feel like jumping through the screen and taking a sledgehammer to them , you will surely survive the rest . the question is , who would want to subject themselves to this resolutely irritating , self-involved pat-on-the-back ? how could a comedy-drama that has the star-power of meg ryan , lisa kudrow , and diane keaton be so very bad in so many different ways ? issues from the past involving the possible jealousy each has had for one of the others is fleetingly brought up , but the film isn't mature enough to deal with such a thing in a thoughtful manner , and since we learn next to nothing about their childhood , it is a lost cause that comes off as nothing more than an afterthought . also , it is expected that the viewer quickly catch on to the tricky dynamic that the three sisters have with one another , but no dynamic metamorphosizes . and when they do reunite in the finale , their whole consanguinity is reduced to a repulsively annoying three-minute scene in which they argue like little children . you can see the impending death coming a mile away , and it conveniently occurs in the next scene , so that the three can quickly come to terms with themselves , and with each other . you think to yourself : " the only thing left for them to do is have a playful food-fight , " and like clockwork , it also occurs by the end credits . meg ryan is a versatile actress ( look no further than 1998's " hurlyburly " or 1994's " when a man loves a woman " ) , despite her various detractors who stubbornly believe all she can do is romantic comedies . with " hanging up , " the only thing she needs to do is completely sever her filmmaking ties with nora ephron , a writer/director/hack who shouldn't be allowed to work in hollywood again after this big-budget , high-profile debacle . even if she knew what she was making was not exactly up to par in the quality department , she nonetheless is very good , and the two scenes that work , flashbacks to christmas 1988 , when she had a heartbreaking run-in with her mother , and to halloween 1993 , when lou crashed her son's birthday party in a drunken stupor , are effective because of the realism ryan brings to the situations . diane keaton , as georgia , is better as an actress than a director here , but that is a wildly feeble compliment . what is more than a little far-fetched is that keaton is distinctly older than ryan and kudrow , although in the very brief glimpses we get at them as children , she is no more than five years ryan's senior . yeah , right . lastly , poor lisa kudrow has been wasted once again in a big-screen venture , after her even more thin role in 1999's " analyze this . " kudrow isn't given enough time to create a full personality with maddy , so it isn't her fault she doesn't register until a few quiet moments sprinkled throughout where she is actually blessed with being given dialogue . if anything , though , kudrow is a real talent , and i anxiously await the next time she is given a role more deserving of her time , as in her brilliantly nuanced , oscar-caliber work in 1998's " the opposite of sex . " if you are a fan of kudrow's ( and who isn't ? ) , do yourself a favor and rent this gem that puts more good use to kudrow in sixty seconds than " hanging up " does in its entirety . as eve's hardworking husband , adam arkin is , predictably , squandered with a role that gives him next to nothing to do , until a subplot reveals itself midway through , only to never be mentioned again . cloris leachman , as with ryan and matthau , makes a small , but noticeable impression with her , albeit , very brief appearance , while edie mcclurg , as a rosy-cheeked woman lou had an affair with in the christmas 1988 flashback , manages one of the few laughs in this otherwise joyless production . nearly all the emotions displayed within " hanging up " are patently manufactured , and despite the movie wanting the viewer to care about the characters , aside from eve , why would you want to when they are all spoiled brats ? if , for some bizarre , " twilight zone " -type of reason , you find yourself in a movie theater showing this film , my suggestion would be to hang up on it before the opening credits are over . saying it is a waste of time is an understatement of epic proportions . 
retelling the classic story of joan of arc has been a popular trend this year . earlier this may , leelee sobieski played the passionate title role in the top-rated miniseries that debuted on cbs . and now , director luc besson has delivered his version of the sweeping epic about the teenage girl supposedly sent by god to rescue france from the clutches of their enemies . starring milla jovovich , who is predominantly unconvincing as the heavenly messenger accused of being a witch , `the messenger : the story of joan of arc' is a disjointed and overblown historical re-enactment that prevails merely as a bloated mistreatment of the famous legend . besson ( who's previous work includes the hyperactive sci-fi `the fifth element' ) perhaps entrusted a bit too much faith in ex-wife jovovich , because in `the messenger' , the actress is drowning in a pool of her own inexperience . at first , when reports were indicating that jovovich had been chosen for such a demanding role , i was highly doubtful that her marginal talent could carry a film of such a caliber . after seeing the rousing trailer , my hesitant optimism suddenly skyrocketed - milla jovovich looked superb . with the hopeful propulsion of her stellar performance , `the messenger' looked like a timeless epic in the making . a timeless epic it is not . besson is hesitant to abandon his unique and flashy style , and the story behind `the messenger' is not entirely suited to his demands . on the shoulders of besson's choppy and unexciting direction , the film dissipates into an uninspiring hodgepodge of poorly executed battle sequences and bizarre imagery . there is no human exploration into the character of joan ( or jeanne ) . jovovich merely rambles on about the power of god when we have little or no insight into her visionary objective . jovivich's unsatisfying portrayal only helps lead to the realization that besson sees jeanne as a piece of spiritual cardboard . she is just another special effect in this continuous visual feast . jovovich does have a few isolated moments of sheer power , but mainly , she looks lost . quite frankly , i don't know of any actress who could successfully navigate her way through `the messenger' without a major fumble . the script is chock-full of laughable dialogue and unfortunate comedy , as jeanne confronts the uncrowned king charles vii ( john malkovich ) and informs him of her heavenly intentions . faye dunaway plays charles' overbearing mother-in-law , and dustin hoffman appears over two-hours into the story as a character dubbed ? the conscience' . all three actors juggle limited screen time , although malkovich is uncharacteristically awful . the battle scenes are extremely bloody , but with the presence of such jittery camera work , they capture none of the excitement or finesse of something like `braveheart' . there's a particularly graphic and unsettling scene early on , when jeanne ( as a young girl ) watches in horror from a closet as her older sister is murdered and then savagely raped by a bloodthirsty english soldier . even his fellow troopers are petrified . `the messenger' is also strictly a 90's update on the classic story . almost too 90's , it seems . there's gratuitous use of the f-word and a barrage of slang terms like `she's nuts ! ' sprinkled throughout the screenplay . i was half-expecting jeanne to invite her homeys to come chill in her crib , but it never happened . there's also the familiar presence of bizarre besson humor , but none of it comes even remotely close to functioning properly . it seems terribly misplaced , but in a catastrophe as jumbled and disjointed as `the messenger' , almost everything does . the musical score by erric serra is spectacular , and the set and production designs are continuously impressive . if it was visual excellence that besson was striving for , then he achieves his goal . but the only time the dramatics come alive in `the messenger' is during the closing trial , in which jeanne is found guilty and burned at the stake . during these moments , the historical relevance and dramatic purpose of joan of arc reaches the audience , albeit in a faint stream of light that provokes little power or meaning . it's just too delayed for besson to revive his lifeless interpretation , in which he is always concerned with the wrong aspects . `the messenger : the story of joan of arc' is an unlikely and unwelcome historical addition to the hollywood shelf . anyone searching for an entertaining epic is going to be painfully slapped with an overblown and confusing film . despite my original hopefulness , milla jovovich is not going to have to worry about thanking the academy . 
the great actor james woods once said ( and i'm paraphrasing ) , " if sex isn't messy , then you're not doing it right " . a truly profound statement , and one that could be made for the entire mad slasher genre ( just replace " sex " with " your mad slasher film " ) . for those uninformed souls , the mad slasher genre ( or sub-genre ) is a melding of horror and exploitation elements put to the service of a plot that follows an identical outline : a usually masked but always crazed killer stalks and kills attractive teens a la halloween . urban legend is a mad slasher flick , but one that is so sanitary , bloodless , and nudity free , that with its irony laden dialogue and beautiful ( though not overly talented ) cast , it more closely resembles an overlong wb television special . for film makers , gore is one of the two weapons they have at their disposal in a stale , fright-free horror movie , as stephen king once said ( again paraphrasing ) " if you can't scare your audience , gross em' out , if you can't do that , make em' laugh " . alas , urban legend succeeds only at the latter , though not by intention . i actually find the fact that this film became a minor success ( $40 million domestic box office gross ) more frightening than anything in it . it seems that audiences' tastes have been whittled down to such a degree that any movie even claiming to be scary is given the benefit of the doubt . the promotion for urban legend sure promised thrills , but how can anyone with a three digit iq argue that it provides them . unfortunately , these kinds of flicks will continue to be produced because people no longer have expectations ; one idiotic super-hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized audiences to the point where films don't need to do anything more than promise a good time without the added pressure of delivering . if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla . but forget all that , it goes without saying that mad slasher films ( or any other exploitation off-shoot ) will be made without an ounce of craft ( especially considering the sheer volume that are produced ) . allow me to present you with the real fault of the mad slasher film : the lack of enthusiastic exploitation . these flicks aren't harnessed with any lofty aspirations , so why not break free and give your audience a bloody good time ? sadly out of the literally hundreds made , i would estimate that maybe three are at all worth while . and urban legend would certainly not be included amongst those three . despite its considerable production value and the absence of any boom mics slipping into frame , it is just as awful as any no budget entry in the slasher sweepstakes . as far as the possibility of some good natured exploitation urban legend's setting alone offers a myriad of promising possibilities : it takes place on a college campus , which is always an appropriate playground for the crazed killer . you see , the campus is a community made up almost entirely of young people all in the midst of strange hormonal surges percolating beneath the surface . all those young people are growing up together , going through all kinds of inexplicable emotional highs and lows , so naturally some weirdness is expected . all the better for that elusive crazed killer . coupled with the copious amounts of scantily clad coeds running around , and the introduction of a little exploitation into the proceedings should be a relatively easy task . but alas , urban legend is not only idiotic and clich ? ? full ; it's way too clean , a slasher flick for the whole family with no nudity , little gore , and much stupidity . this is the kind of movie where the killer drags dead victims from the scene of the crime for no reason other than , i dunno , exercise . it's the kind of movie where the villain calmly purses a running-like-the-wind-prey , yet still manages to catch that prey through some really awful editing techniques . it's the kind of movie where characters run into each other just as a loud clash reverberates on the soundtrack . i really wish filmmakers would just retire that whole loud-noise-jump-scare thing . yes the audience jumps , momentarily frightened , but wouldn't anyone if a loud sonic boom suddenly infiltrated a quiet room . i lost all hope for the possibility of any genuine scares in urban legend about ten minutes in when i caught a glimpse of the killer . apparently filmmakers are running out of creative ways to disguise their mad slashers . in scream it was a ghost mask ( scary enough ) , in i know what you did last summer it was a fisher man's rain slicker ( in the middle of summer no less ) , and in urban legend the disguise sinks to the level of mel brooks parody : the villain wears an oversized parka with a fury hood ( ooh ? ? ? scary ) intended to conceal his/her identity . for urban legend 2 i humbly suggest a donald duck costume . though i must admit , urban legend does have a winning premise for what could have been a somewhat entertaining exploitation film . the film's killer slices and dices comely college students to the tune of famous urban legends ( you know , like the babysitter gets threatening phone calls only to find that they're coming from inside the house ) . i won't spoil the surprise as to what urban legends are used , after all the film does offer fine 2 : 00 am cable viewing if you happen to be intoxicated enough . sad to say , it doesn't include my favorite urban legend : a fairly graphic antidote concerning richard gere and a very unhappy gerbil . now that would be scary . before i leave you , i would like to bring to your attention the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i've ever spent an evening with . only jared leto ( looking like a carbon copy of rob lowe from back in the day ) and alicia witt , as the resilient heroine , avoid vexatiousness . the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout ( so irritating i actually cheered his painful death , and i am not a cruel person ) . ironically those aggravating sacks of human waste provide the only entertainment in the film ; if viewed as a vicarious fantasy urban legend can be mildly entertaining . after all this is a movie that features the kind of faux hipsters i can't stand getting slaughtered , which is at least better than watching an entire film about people i can't stand not getting slaughtered . 
a backdrop of new year's eve in 1981 would seem to lend itself to a great party movie . the decor possibilities are endless - disco balls had yet to migrate into the dark corners of the attic , big hair was worth its weight in aquanet , and the louder the fashion , the better the look . but despite this setting , these details and a soundtrack that includes some 40-plus irresistible hits from the early days of the me decade , something is inherently wrong with " 200 cigarettes . " a better title for this nostalgic mess would be " 50 missed opportunities . " what is it that makes this retro-comedy such a downer ? it's certainly not the cast , which includes enough hot , young talent for several movies . there's courtney love , cementing her reputation as a serious actress ; christina ricci , hot off her shoulda-been-nominated turn in " the opposite of sex " ; paul rudd , who gets even more appealing with every role ; kate hudson , inheriting some fine acting genes from mom goldie hawn ; and affleck brothers ben and casey , two of the best things about " good will hunting . " perhaps the question is this : what drew these and other immensely talented actors to such a dreary project ? maybe it looked good on paper . " 200 cigarettes " is composed of a series of vignettes , as various characters make their way through new york's festively decorated east village to a holiday bash thrown by a jittery bundle of nerves named monica ( martha plimpton , all dressed up in her best cyndi lauper ) . among the potential guests are likeable cad kevin ( rudd ) and his best friend lucy ( love ) , busy bickering over his recent break-up , and a clumsy but seemingly charming bartender ( ben affleck ) who opens his mouth only to spew forth bad pick-up lines . more subplots - _many_ more - dot the big picture , but those listed above are the only ones worth noting in a positive light . all the other story tangents are as frazzled as a cokehead trying to solve a rubick's cube . ricci and gaby hoffman grate as two ronkonkoma gals ( the kind that have trouble pronouncing hard consonants ) out to have a high time in the big city . infamously acerbic comedienne janeane garofalo is wasted in what amounts to a several-scene cameo . hudson , as a pretty-in-pink klutz recently devirginized by a reprehensible ladies' man ( jay mohr ) , trips , pukes and gets smeared with dog poop . are we laughing yet ? the film boils down to a mixture of the good , the bad and the gaudy , with the latter two overtaking the former . game performances - especially by love , rudd and plimpton - are almost shot down by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus , here a combination that mostly sputters when it should crackle . too many sidetracks rate as uninteresting and have little payoff until a lengthy final montage where we find out many of the performers served as one night stands for each other . if this is " 200 cigarettes , " then get me 200 nicotine patches . 
'bicentennial man' is a family film without any external motive with the exception of providing the minimum dose of entertainment . chris columbus , the director who gave you " mrs . doubtfire " , plays on sentimental strings and mushy dialogue to make his point . based on the short story by isaac asimov , it is supposed to be a science fiction story about a robot who wants to be human , which as you can imagine is very difficult . starting in a not too distant future the film concentrates on a wealthy family that buys an android to help them with the house and children . soon this robot , called andrew ( robin williams ) shows abilities that makes his owner mr . martin ( sam neill ) very curious . andrew is interested in art and music , he " enjoys " making clocks , which clearly shows that he has genuine emotions . it shows out that because of a small failure in the " electrical circuits " and " positronic brain " andrew has accidentally gained a soul . this makes him unique and his evil creators worried . then mr . martin decides to teach andrew all the things he wasn't programmed to do . soon andrew wants to leave the house in pursuit of freedom , destiny and love . this film can be described as a disney version of blade runner , a film that still shines as the biggest gem in the crown of science fiction . ever since that film , the subject of humanity still stands as one big controversy . what makes us human ? the thoughts ? the emotions ? is it possible to become human ? at what point can we say to a robot " now you are one of us " ? these are very tough questions that require a serious and thurral approach . it is obvious that columbus didn't take them very seriously . when you think about it , this film is not really meditating on the question " when is a robot no longer a machine , but a human being ? " , but tells a story about racial discrimination and lack of understanding . andrew is so complex and emotional from the very beginning that the audience immediately accepts him as a human being , and only the society has troubles with it . in other words , it is as far from reality as from the academy awards . further more , there are other annoying problems . to this day no serious filmmaker has dared to speculate about the future in more than 50 years from now . this has not been done for obvious reasons , because the filmmakers are well aware of the fact that they lack the knowledge and imagination to perform such a difficult task . columbus is the first to have crossed that line . the result is , as you might imagine , primitive , unrealistic and incredibly disappointing effort . the world is simply frozen in time . neither the society , fashion , culture or values have changed over 200 years . mom is still working at the kitchen , doing the dishes . when you think back to the late 17th century and then compare it to the world we live in today , you'll see a slightly bigger difference . i am not saying that everything should change . it is unlikely that the human rights will change , but it's even more unlikely that there will not be any progress in science , technology and fashion . i suppose it's possible to watch this as a some sort of bizarre fairytale , but it's really hard . robin williams is hidden behind c and speaking in a robotic way . as always he does a decent job , as does sam neill . but it doesn't really matter . it is the sentimentality and length that turns this picture into a tiresome experience . pretty much like last year's " meet joe black " , this is a primitive and unresolved story which is presented with a splendor and professionalism that it doesn't deserve . great actors and a talented crew have worked hard to achieve something that will be instantly forgotten . when isaac asimov wrote this story , the future seemed far away and magical . everything seemed possible . now is the future of asimov's time , and we know that it is not as magical and perfect as it seemed a long time ago . for the same reasons that the young generation of today can not be amazed by julius verne's " 20 000 leagues under the sea " , so can't we accept this story as a potential reality . let us hope that next year's " a . i . " will be more rewarding . 
some concepts seem patently hopeless from the beginning , a live-action version of mr . magoo being a prime example . the cartoon figure mr . magoo , the bumbling blind man , can be quite funny , but only in small doses and only within the confines of animated images . if you think naked gun star leslie nielsen is a dubious choice to play the role of the short guy who runs into walls , you are right , but there is an even more astonishing selection . for a director they tapped hong kong's stanley tong , whose resume consists mainly of a handful of movies featuring martial arts expert jackie chan . the story , such that there is one , is about a large , stolen ruby , which looks a woolworth reject . mr . magoo gets it and , of course , does not realize he has it . mayhem then ensues as the bad and the good guys chase each other with mr . magoo frequently oblivious to the fact that anyone is being chased . like home alone 3 but without any class , mr . magoo can only be described as painfully bad . fifteen minutes of it feels like an eternity . the movie's humor is pathetically lame , and the pacing is way off . when one is stuck in a theater for an hour and a half watching what claims to be a motion picture , one looks for some solace . mr . magoo provides only three such moments . the movie begins and ends with the classic cartoon version of the character , who exudes his usual charm . the only other saving grave in the movie itself is angus , the sweet little bulldog . angus demonstrates more genuine emotions and a wider acting range than any of the humans in the picture . finally , the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie , which have some of the genuineness and spontaneity that the movie badly lacked . rather than attempt to adapt mr . magoo to a non-cartoon movie , nielsen makes the strategic mistake of trying to literally be a human version of the cartoon . he has trouble sustaining the squinting eyes and the affected voice , and even when he does it comes off as awkwardly unfunny . my wife managed to get some sleep during the movie , but i was not so lucky . hopefully , this picture will force producers to think harder about which subjects have promise and which do not . mr . magoo runs 1 : 37 . it is rated pg for comic violence and would be acceptable for all ages . my son jeffrey , age 8 , said he thought the movie was good and really funny , but recommends you not choose it if you want an action movie . he said he liked home alone 3 much more . his friend maxim , age 9 , said that he thought it was good but very silly and parts did not make sense . his other friend nickolas , age 8 , said he'd give the movie * * * 1/2 , but that it was really silly . 
hollywood never fails to astound me . every time i think those coked-up little buggers have hit rock bottom ; they come up with a new excavating tool . i was truly convinced that " wild wild west " marked 1999 studio filmmaking at its most hapless , but then along comes " end of days " to prove me wrong . this big budget , brain dead apocalyptic thriller bludgeons its audience with overwrought music , grisly violence , explosions galore and lots of cheesy special effects . the result ? nothing but groans and yawns . even the devil himself is unable to produce a decent scare in this festival of the inept . at the very least , " end of days " should have done us the courtesy of being bad-enough-to-be-good , but it can't even manage that . it's just lousy . arnold schwarzenegger , still recovering from heart problems and " batman & robin , " plays an ex-cop turned security agent or bodyguard or something . along with his obligatory comic relief partner ( kevin pollak , impersonating matthew perry's chandler character from " friends " ) , he gets involved in some major league supernatural hoodoo . it seems that satan ( gabriel byrne ) gets a shot at world domination only once every thousand years ( and here i thought he'd pulled it off with the republican landslide of '94 ) . if he has sex with 20-year old christine york ( robin tunney ) , " the chosen one , " their child will be the antichrist , or at least a brat . ah , but this deal has more catches than a new year's eve pass from a halfway house . the unholy union must take place on december 31 , 1999 ( you see , 999 is just 666 turned upside down ) , but only between 11 p . m . and midnight ( no wonder this guy is so cranky ) . and if the chosen one is given refuge in a church , the devil won't know where she is , because he can't see into the sanctuary . you know , it's kind of like superman's x-ray vision and lead walls , only evil . a group of guerrilla catholic priests decide the best way to stop the situation is by killing the girl . arnold chooses to save the girl and kick the hell out of satan , if you'll pardon the expression . and kevin meets up with an exploding van and has to make some decisions of his own . oh , the anguish ! oh , the humanity ! oh , the writing ! andrew w . marlowe's screenplay ladles implausibility upon implausibility , from the preposterous otherworldly histrionics to his handling of jericho cane , schwarzenegger's character . cane starts the film a la mel gibson in the first " lethal weapon , " preparing to put a gun in his mouth due to ongoing despondence over the murder of his wife and daughter . twenty minutes later , he's racing through the bowels of new york city , deciphering clues that sherlock holmes and kreskin would find baffling . when cane meets up with christine york , he instantly switches to terminator father figure mode , with the young woman serving as surrogate daughter . in case anyone misses the connection , the camera comes in for a close up of christine's music box , which just happens to be identical to one owned by cane's daughter . subtle , marlowe , subtle . speaking of cameras , director peter hyams is just the man to take marlowe's script and make it even more self-important , murky and annoying . hyams' direction shows all the subtlety of a gwar video , with cane running a gauntlet of ridiculous action set pieces , punctuated with loads of big explosions . eager to satisfy arnold's core audience , he even throws in a few pairs of breasts as well . what a guy . had the film delivered some decent scares , or even maintained a consistently ominous tone , the bombastic clich ? s might have been tolerable , but " end of days " is simply a flaccid special effects show . the cast is just as ineffective . in his early scenes , gabriel byrne attempts to invest beelzebub with some panache , but he all too soon turns into just another standard issue monster . kevin pollak comes and goes quickly , robin tunney comes off like a bargain basement winona ryder and as for arnold , well ? he's a better actor than casper van dien . that should count for something . way back in the aftermath " the exorcist " and " the omen , " supernatural swill like " end of days " might have passed muster as a b-movie . but that was then and this is now . " the x-files " and " buffy the vampire slayer " deliver real scares on a weekly basis and , if we want to see the devil , all we have to do is flip on " the 700 club " and take a gander at pat robertson's grinning maw . after enduring " end of days , " all i can say is " get thee behind me , satan . and while you're at it , get thee a better agent as well . " 
8mm , written by seven scribe andrew kevin walker , has an interesting idea which is ruined by hollywood formula to become a bog standard murder mystery . nicolas cage plays family man detective tom welles , who is asked by upper class toff mrs . christian ( myra carter ) to investigate an movie found in her recently deceased husbands safe . the movie happens to be an mythical 'snuff movie' , where the girl featured in the film appears to get brutally slashed . all mrs . christian wants to know if the girl in the film was killed or not . welles agrees , and soon gets pulled into the seedy underworld of porn movies , with video clerk max california ( phoenix ) as his guide . although the 'snuff' industry hasn't really been examined in mainstream cinema , 8mm still makes a rather plodding thriller which just seems to be a bit sicker than most . the snuff movie within the movie is certainly disturbing , although the jerky camera angles and grainy image takes some of the shock away . 8mm has the problem of not wanting to shock too much , and apart from a few moments , most of the action in the film is nothing you haven't seen from another standard thriller . the cast help towards the entertainment , apart from an hideous performance by the increasingly lazy nicolas cage . while he was fun and breezy in earlier films such as raising arizona ( 1987 ) , ever since leaving las vegas ( 1995 ) , cage has lost much of his acting talent and appears to be on autopilot , such as in the terrible snake eyes ( 1998 . ) here , in 8mm , he's boring , uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice . and in this overlong thriller , these virtues do not help keep the suspense up . only when cage is onscreen with the excellent phoenix does the film start moving , as phoenix is a true talent . his performance is a great break away from the gloom , and he's just purely enjoyable to watch . catherine keener is completely wasted as cage's wife , although she delivers a far better performance than her character deserves . her character , though , is hugely underwritten , one of the most wasted characters of the year . also fun is fargo's peter stormare as the wildly over the top snuff film director . as this film is written by the person behind seven , 8mm is filled with doom and gloom , and no-one appears to know how to use an light switch . unlike seven , 8mm isn't too clever , and the twist is pathetic and startlingly obvious when it arrives . lacking the strong characters seven featured , 8mm ultimately becomes uninvolving plot wise , and relies on the graphic scenes to provide any entertainment . but director joel schumacher , the completely wrong guy for the job , puts style over content , and while the direction and look are good , it's just not very disturbing . schumacher also has no idea how to shock and audience , and though we are meant to be looking at the 'dark belly' of the porn industry , it doesn't exactly leave an haunting impression on the viewers mind , which misses the point . also , the last 20 minutes are so hackneyed , so cliched , it's amazing to think it's the same film you're watching . 8mm is far from an success , a 'snuffed' opportunity . with a boring lead character , 'controversial' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller . ultimately , 8mm is probably worth renting on home video , unless your desperate to see what the snuff film within the film looks like . and trust me , the rest of the 2 hours are not worth it . 
synopsis : wealthy cuban landowner luis ( banderas ) gets more than he bargained for when he sends away for an american bride . not only does his new wife turn out to be the beautiful julia ( jolie ) , she also harbours a secret past of dubious merit . soon , julia has absconded with both luis' fortune and his heart , and as he pursues his wife through the cuban underworld , luis begins to realise that , for him , there is no turning back . review : given the absurdism of its would-be plot , it's unlikely that " original sin " could have been turned into a reputable piece of filmmaking , regardless of writer , director or stars . this is , at its heart , b-movie junk : a lurid melodrama which appeals to neither the brain nor the heart but to the nether regions . that said , " original sin " could at least have become enjoyable junk had the filmmakers embraced its trashiness and indulged in it . instead , cristofer seems to have mistaken this for a serious production , and directs it as such . the result is a vapid , uninteresting morass of obvious crosses and double crosses , as likely to incite a yawn as a thrill . consider the initial sex scene between banderas and jolie : brightly-lit and mostly filmed from above , it looks like an excerpt from an amateur soft porn show . cristofer doesn't even manage to capture the allure of cuba ; instead of portraying his setting as a steamy , sensuous island paradise , it appears bland and lifeless . at least banderas and jolie manage to inspire some interest ; there are hints at times that they want to have more fun with the script , but aren't being given the chance . the same cannot be said of jane , whose billy is nebbish and transparent . also unwise is the jolie framing sequence , which practically gives away the film's denouement . 
plot : a down-and-out girl moves in with some over-the-top models and falls in love with a goofy-but-loveable guy from across the street . aaaaaaaaah ! then one day , she sees him knock a woman upside the head with a baseball bat . ooooooooh ! she must then join together with her model-friends to find out whether or not this guy is really goofy-but-loveable , or a psycho killer . aaaaaaaaah ! critique : completely idiotic . okay , so maybe i'm being a little too nice . this movie starts off dumb , moves into the ridiculous and eventually graduates to idiocy . there . . . that's more like it ! and how , you may ask ? well , it's simple really . four of the dumbest stereotypical models in the world ( oh my god , i just found out that the actresses playing the parts are models in real life . . . yipes ! ) join monica potter ( in a role which can only be described as an obvious cry for help ) and freddie prinze jr . ( not the actor , but the character better known as freddie prinze jr . ) , in a plot so stupid and far-fetched , that you have to wonder once more , how crap like this gets by the hollywood bigwigs . this thing stinks to high-heaven . it's just plain embarrassing for everyone involved . i even felt my iq dip below its usual low as toilet humor somehow worked its way into this so-called romantic-comedy-action movie ? ugh . what a pile of dung . hey , i'm actually starting to sound a little like harry knowles here , but i guess i could see where his frustration comes from time to time . it's sad really . a movie which actually had quite a few people in my audience laughing at its idiocy , including the over-used " folks hiding in the bathroom while someone else comes in to take a crap and fart " gag . and how about that dumb blonde model who keeps running into things . pure hilarity ! or maybe i'm just too jaded , too much of a critic , not relaxed enough to enjoy this fluff-piece . . . uuuhhmmm . . . naaaaah ! ! this movie sucks the big one . it's chockfull of stupid characters delivering inane dialogue fitting snuggly into a preposterous plot . this is the kind of movie that has one character inserting another character into a car headfirst to the floor only because . . . well , it's supposed to be funny , see ? you see , that person then has their legs swinging in the other person's face as they drive and that distracts the driver , see , and well , that's kinda funny , no ? harumph . . . yeah , well . . . you get the picture ! anyhoo , freddie prinze jr . . . . nuff said . monica potter , a bad career move , but we might forgive you if you keep up the julia roberts bit . the rest of the model girls . . . well , thanks for being there so i had something to look at , but please apologize to the entire modeling community as a whole , for making them all out to be complete imbeciles ! ! so why the three points out of ten , you may ask ? well , it's simple really . one point goes to the russian model girl and that cool accent ( don't ask me why , but it actually turned me on ) . one point goes out to all of the model girls for being in the movie ( nice window decoration . . . natch ! ) . and one last point goes out to the makers of this film , who spared us any long sorted story , and made sure to give us the opportunity of leaving the theatre after only 90 minutes of manufactured garbage , so that we could run out as fast as we can , grab the next person that we see walking down the street and warn them of the devil that is . . . freddie prinze jr . . . i mean , head over heels . you've been warned , good people . ps : didja notice how i didn't even mention rear window once in my entire review ? i didn't want to taint the memory of the classic flick by having it uttered alongside this thing , but then again , i just did mention it , but i guess it doesn't count in the ps section . . . or does it ? ooooh , whatever . . . i have a headache ! ( i think my brain is coming back to life ) where's joblo coming from ? 10 things i hate about you ( 7/10 ) - coyote ugly ( 6 . 5/10 ) - down to you ( 6 . 5/10 ) - save the last dance ( 7/10 ) - she's all that ( 6 . 5/10 ) - the wedding planner ( 4/10 ) - you've got mail ( 5 . 5/10 ) 
stephen , please post if appropriate . " mafia ! " - crime isn't a funny business by homer yen ( c ) 1998 on a particular night when i found myself having some free time , i had a chance to either go to sleep early or to see " mafia ! " , a spoof of mafia and crime films such as " the godfather , " " goodfellas " and " casino " . at 84 minutes in length , i thought that i could enjoy a few laughs before getting a good nights sleep . but by my account , i think that my laff-o-meter only registered a few grins , one giggle , and maybe one chortle . i suppose that you could justify your time as homage to the venerable hollywood star , lloyd bridges , who just recently passed away and whose last performance was in this film . " mafia ! " chronicles vincenzo cortino's ( lloyd bridges ) life . separated from his family when he was young , he escapes to america and tries to live an honest life . but as fate would have it , vincenzo grows up to be a powerful and klutzy crime lord . following in his footsteps are his two sons , joey ( billy burke ) and anthony ( jay mohr ) . like all siblings in powerful crime families , they squabble over power , the future of the family , fortune , and women . " mafia ! " is co-written by jim abrahams , who also contributed to some gut-busting funny spoofs such as " airplane " and " the naked gun . " but these previous movies were funny because the jokes seemed more universally understood and there was more of a manic silliness at work . as i write this , i also wonder how many people have actually seen the movies on which this spoof is based . crime movies in general contain a lot of profanity and violence . it's a tough genre to parody . i was kind of hoping that they could somehow spoof the profanity used in all of those crime movies , maybe by having all of the tough crime lords say " please " as they decide which sector to take over , but this opportunity was never explored . there were one or two moments that made me smile such as the scene where vincenzo is dancing with his newly wed daughter-in-law . a gunman shoots him several times . the impact of the bullets cause him to make these wild contortions that force the wedding band to change music styles to keep up with him , from the samba to disco to the macarena . i think that i just gave away the best part of the film . oh well , that just means that you can go to sleep a little earlier . 
look ! the new version of " psycho " came out and the world didn't end ! i guess gus van sant really isn't the bringer of the apocalypse ! unfortunately , though , that " psycho " didn't end the world as we know is the best thing that can be said for it . van sant's controversial " re-telling " of alfred hitchcock's classic 1960 film has polarized filmgoers everywhere ( even before it premiered . ) without benefit of an actual viewing , many have said that the film will , at best , suck . being an ( almost ) good critic , i waited until i actually saw it to decide that the film , at best , sucked ( and that concludes the use of the word " suck " and , hopefully , the thoughts that i am a brain-dead orangutan . ) director gus van sant took the original hitchcock film and refilmed it , shot-for-shot , using the same , exact script ( with a few minor alterations . ) the inherent challenge was in making the film suspenseful and scary , even though a large group of the audience will know exactly what will happen at the exact time . suspense probably could have been attained if the actors had been able to create something new or different than the original . sadly , that did not occur . it is hard to be overshadowed by vera miles and john gavin ( from the original " psycho ) , but that is what exactly happened to julianne moore and viggo mortensen . in moore's case , the film would have been helped if " the x- files " gillian anderson had been cast instead ; especially since moore goes through the entire film doing a scully impression ! from the cold demeanor and expressions to her rigid way of forming a sentence , moore is scully ! mortensen ( who i liked in " g . i . jane " ) opts to play sam loomis as a cowboy/hick , which would have been nice if he had gone past that starting point . sam has a twang and a cowboy hat , but that's about it . mortensen turns in one of the most uptight performance in recent memory . anne heche , in the janet leigh role , does a few good things in her brief time on screen . at least her marion crane has a little life in her , which can't be said for most of the rest of the cast . the best work , though , comes from vince vaughn , as the demented mama's boy , norman bates . he's not going to make anyone forget anthony perkins , but he is effective both in being naughty and nice . the best part of the film is the dinner scene heche and vaughn , where they simply talk . there is some solid acting there , something that is not carried through the rest of the film . van sant has made a boring film . all the camera tricks that hitchcock so eloquently used in 1960 aren't as eye-catching now . what passed for brilliance then has been copied so many times by so many directors that they don't impress or excite . van sant , in what i assume is a grasp at originality , decided to put some stream-of-consciousness images into a few famous scenes ( was that a lamb in the middle of the road ? ) these images , included with some questionable editing choices , took away from the scenes themselves and caused , at first , bewilderment and , later , laughter . definitely not hitchcock's intention ! at least danny elfman had the good sense to not mess with bernard herrmann's original famous and terrific score . if a film like " psycho " does not frighten , then what's the point . aside from norman , the characters are thinly drawn people who leave no connection with the audience . there are things van sant and company could have done to at least make their recreation interesting . in the end , however , the new " psycho " is a noble attempt , but , alas , a dismal failure . 
words i thought i'd never write : the sequel to urban legend lacks the grace , wit , and power of the original . put the gun to my head , pull the trigger , and put me out of my misery . better yet , put the horror genre out of its misery . when you've finished watching urban legends : final cut , you'll share my same grim point of view thanks to the horrible acting , terrible script , and ridiculous directing which has become all too common today . urban legends : final cut is a smorgasbord of stolen movie ideas ( mainly from the blair witch project and scream ) : fabulous people with perfect teeth and skin , one creepy film school , and a dog eating a freshly removed kidney from one of the movie's hapless victims . urban legends delivers a story about a bunch of film students working on their thesis films to win the coveted " hitchcock award " which guarantees the winner a director deal in hollywood . one female filmmaker ( jennifer morrison , the freaky dead girl from stir of echoes ) writes a fiction script based on a serial killer who kills his victims according to " urban legend " tales . suddenly , her entire crew starts getting bumped off with urban-legendary homicides , but the bodies are always missing and she is often the only witness to the killings . the killer wears a fencing mask and a long black overcoat , looking like a scorned olympian out to avenge his defeat in sydney . why this is scary is never explained . of course , the golden rule of sequels is that there must be least one recurring character for continuity's sake . urban legends has one minor , recurring character from the original who we never cared about anyway ( the security guard , of all people ) . the other central problem is that this character has already seen the urban legend killings once before , but she's utterly clueless about what's going on around her . call it suspension of disbelief . this film is also a prime example of how horror films are now completely dead in the water . the last decent horror film was the blair witch project , and that seemed more like a snuff film than fiction . the stalking killer with crazy motivation has become a tired clich ? , as everyone seems to have forgotten : real horror is not about what is seen but about what is unknown . 
a cop with a troubled personal life . a ruthless villain . a friend of the cop . a _dead_ friend of the cop . a quest for vengeance . a new partner . a romantic interest . a chase scene . a chase scene _in san francisco_ . a woman in peril . a confrontation . an explosion . the end . yawn . yawn . yawn . the preceding has been the plot of approximately twelve thousand and six action films ; this one just happens to be called metro . i have learned to expect little from films like metro , and consequently i am bored by them more often than i am genuinely disappointed . with eddie murphy on board , however , you hope for something extra , some kind of spark . when a film makes watching eddie murphy a tedious experience , you know it is doing something terribly wrong . murphy stars as scott roper , a hostage negotiator for the san francisco police department who is exceedingly good at his job . with his personal life , he is considerably less successful , facing an unhappy ex-girlfriend named veronica ( carmen ejogo ) , a gambling problem and a mountain of debt . then his professional life gets a jolt as well when a friend and colleague ( art evans ) is murdered while investigating suspected jewel thief michael korda ( michael wincott ) . finding korda becomes very personal to scott , and he joins with new partner kevin mccall ( michael rappaport ) to foil korda during an attempted heist . but all is not well even with korda in jail , as scott , veronica and kevin all continue to face life-threatening danger . metro ( the title , in case you are wondering , means absolutely nothing ) is so badly put together that even the most casual viewer may notice the miserable pacing and stray plot threads . in the first place , korda's rage over being discovered before he can make his big score is rendered completely pointless when he proceeds to hit the target anyway ( and , incidentally , to screw it up ) . a reference to payoffs in the police department , followed by a conspicuous decision to keep scott off the korda case and a couple of pointed glances , is dropped abruptly with no resolution after about forty-five minutes ; even the relationship between scott and new partner kevin is so perfunctory , with kevin disappearing entirely after taking a bullet for scott , that you may yearn for bickering buddies . worst of all is a plot structure which places the main villain ( the always menacing michael wincott ) behind bars for far too long , leaving a lot of time to kill with the tedious reconciliation of scott and veronica . you can't blame murphy for being unable to muster any enthusiasm for the scenes with his bland leading lady , but he should have known better than to take this role at all . scott roper exists in an uncomfortable middle ground between the kind of street-wise fast-talker murphy has built a career on and an actual three-dimensional character , and murphy is never able to reconcile the two . the script seems to have been doctored for him , with a gambling problem turned into a bit of character color and his supposed inability to form relationships turned into a cause for gags rather than actual conflict , yet there is still too little comedy for murphy to work with . for much of the film , he walks around with an intense frown , and it is over 90 minutes into metro before you hear that trademark laugh for the first time . murphy is stranded with too few solid punch lines , and nearly all of the ones he does have bounce of ejogo and fall to the ground limply . i suppose i should give director thomas carter credit for taking the obligatory san francisco car chase ( how much do you want to bet on the likelihood of seeing a car soar over a hill ? ) and doing a few interesting things with it . as vehicles are sent flying and passengers sent sprawling by a runaway cable car , it is possible at least for a moment to take some pleasure in a goofy spin on a familiar situation . carter does an even better job by taking that old suspense stand-by -- the medicine cabinet mirror which will close to reveal a killer standing behind someone -- and using it to defuse tension not once , but _twice_ . the fact that carter was able to demonstrate even that much recognition of cliches , and a willingness to subvert them , makes his involvement in the rest of the disaster that is metro all the more puzzling . an action film like this plods so relentlessly and obviously from point a to point b to point c that you might find yourself shouting out " point c ! " while they're still getting to point b , or getting up with the rest of the audience after the big explosion which signals that nothing else of any consequence is going to happen . 
so what do you get when you mix together plot elements from various successful sci-fi films such as close encounters of the third kind , 2001 : a space odyssey , apollo 13 and contact ? well , whatever it is , you'd sure as hell hope that it would be a thousand times better than this shoddy attempt at such a melange , considering the disastrous results we're left with here . this is a film that takes a little bit of everything , but ultimately adds up to a lot of nothing ! it's like i said . . . this movie sucks . plot : a rescue crew of astronauts is sent down to mars in the year 2020 , after an unknown energy force leads to a loss of contact with the previous gang of space aviators to visit the red planet . critique : extremely underwhelming is the best way to describe this movie . uneven , would be another . the trailer for this movie actually showed some promise , the buzz around it had been so-so , and even the film itself starts off with a decent first twenty minutes , all leading you to believe that it's actually going to go " somewhere " . but it isn't long before the entire movie downshifts into neutral , features more space walks than anything interesting on the cherry-colored planet , tries too hard to get us into the " pain " of some its characters and unsuccessfully tosses some romance into the mix . in a sci-fi movie ? well , i don't know , much of it just seemed like a bunch of nerdies talking techie jargon for about an hour and a half , only to figure out some big secret in the end , a secret which practically had me yawning with excitement . ultimately , this is a movie that starts off with a decent premise , joins the crew in their " misadventures in space " for the main crux of its journey , and eventually settles down for one of the most anti-climactic endings this side of contact . mind you , if you enjoyed that film's shrug-of-the-shoulders ending , you might just enjoy this frivolous ditty as well . of course , i don't remember contact having such obvious and painfully distracting computer generated effects at its end of story . ugh . what a friggin' mess . films like this generally get me wondering about the brass in hollywood again . didn't anybody recognize the crappiness in this script ? didn't they read the bad dialogue , the cheezy lines , the obvious derivative nature of the work ( mind you , with a director like depalma at the helm , that ain't saying much ! ) . of course , you can't really blame the brass for the inclusion of jerry o'connell in this fine crew of thespians . 'nuff said . neither can you blame them for depalma cranking up the juice on the film's musical score during the last fifteen minutes , presumably in order to wake the audience up ( okay , we get it brian , this scene is supposed to be powerful . . . wow . . . yawn . . . my ears hurt ! ) . so is anything salvageable in this movie ? sure . gary sinise does another great job , as does cheadle , the film doesn't completely bore you as much as it just moves along slowly without anything really interesting happening , and yes , the " sand-twister " effect that you see in the commercial is well done . other than that ? i guess i could say that i admire how filmmakers have become so much more devious in their product placement strategies . . . oops , did i say " admire " , i meant " am disgusted " ! all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two-bit dialogue masked in a lot of sci-fi mumbo-jumbo , pretends to be deep when really it's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck . go see the ninth gate . . . now there's a great movie ! and on a personal note , i think it's time for depalma to stop worrying so much about his proverbial 12-minute uninterrupted film sequences , and start worrying more about how crappy his movies are getting . 
godzilla is a nuclear freak . he is a lizard that has been mutated over the years and has become a new species , one that has a foot as long as this bus , and a claw as long as this sign . this aquatic creature made its first attack in the pacific islands . he tore up a ship that carried dozens of japanese men . one survived . only he was left to recount the terror that he had seen . he was merely able to repeat the words " godzilla . . . godzilla . . . godzilla " . the film then introduces us to matthew broderick , a biologist who has been studying the fascinating growth of chernobyl earthworms . " they're 17% larger than they used to be ! " he proclaims . the u . s . military pulls him off this three year project and assigns him to figure out what godzilla is . and , boy , does he find out . and , boy , does godzilla suck . i hate to use such a word in a review , something that is supposed to inform my audience , but i really need to drive this one home and i refuse to use explitives . it is unbelieveable to me how the producers of this movie saw the final cut and said , " ok ! it's great ! let's show this puppy . " roland emmerich needs a good horse whipping . his latest piece of trash makes id4 look like a masterpiece of modern american cinema . and if steven spielberg had never made the jurassic park films , emmerich and his team of talent-challenged imbeciles would never have had a clue as to how the creature should look . let me give you a few examples of this terrible attempt at filmmaking . i plan on giving some things away here . belive me , godzilla holds no surprises for anyone with an iq higher than their shoe size , so . . . no worries . however , if you are looking for that " first time thrill " and you refuse to let me do you this favor , by all means , stop reading now . a . ) godzilla makes his first ever attack in the pacific islands . he next strikes in new york city . um . . . anyone have a map handy ? b . ) the mayor of new york city is a heavy set individual with parted gray hair and thick glasses . his name is mayor ebert . his assistant is named gene . gene gives ebert a thumbs down at the end of the film . i couldn't make this up if i tried , folks . c . ) stay with me on this one . . . ok . godzilla can out run torpedoes . hank azaria can out run godzilla babies . ( which look more like jurassic park raptors than the jurassic park raptors . ) d . ) the u . s . military , upon realization that godzilla has disappeared after running rampant through the city , decides that he " might be hiding in a building . " e . ) ( oh yeah , i can go all the way to e . ) godzilla strikes at manhattan . manhattan , an island approximately the size of san francisco holds three million people . they evactuate to new jersey in about one day . no problem . f . ) early on , they bait godzilla with fish . ( he likes fish , you know . ) the thing is on an island . the atlantic ocean is three steps east , but pile a whole bunch of grouper on fifth and 57th . . . oh he's gonna come running . g . ) you know what ? i'll stop with the list now . . . the alphabet isn't big enough anyway . the dialogue makes me wonder if producer dean devlin had his five year old do a re-write . " the kid is good ! " he must have said . maria pitillo is looking to become a name in hollywood by starring in this potential blockbuster . bad move , maria . acting doesn't get much worse than her turn as broderick's ex-flame . matthew broderick is a good actor , but you'd never give him a chance if godzilla were the only film of his you'd seen . jean reno needs to pick his american films a bit more carefully . at times , godzilla seems to be headed toward a zucker , abrahams , zucker film . ( airplane ! , naked gun . ) the jokes are indeed that bad . but just when you think the filmmakers are having fun with you , they take themselves seriously . how dare they ! godzilla would have been better if it had only thrown in visual sight gags and fart jokes . at least then we would know we were supposed to laugh . each and every character in godzilla is beyond stupid and i was really pulling for the beast to kill more of them . emmerich did do one thing , though . ( and i've no idea if it was intentional . ) he made me sympathize with godzilla . his attackers were so damn dumb that i felt sorry for him being pelted with bullets and missles . but what made me feel even sorrier for him was that his famous name will always be attatched to one of the worst films hollywood has ever produced . 
starring kiefer sutherland ; reese witherspoon & bokeem woodbine i used to think that the conversation was the worse film i had ever seen . freeway is giving me second thoughts . freeway is a modern retelling of little red riding hood . only in the nineties , little red riding hood is a foul-mouthed juvenile delinquent played by reese witherspoon , and the big bad wolf is a serial killer ( keifer sutherland ) . to top that pathetic premise off -- reese goes to visit granny and you'll never guess who's waiting under the cover's in granny's bed . keifer sutherland is one of hollywoods most talented , yet underrated actors , and reese witherspoon is exceptionally talented and will most likely become a major star . so what are they doing in this movie ? after seeing the end result , undoubtedly they are both asking themselves the same question . you might be asking yourself why this is such a short review . the answer is quite simple -- i dont want to waste any more of my time writing or thinking about this movie than absolutely necessary . i wasted enough of my time just sitting through it . note to keifer : you wonder why you aren't a bigger star in hollywood ? because you keep making movies like this . note to reese : you were great in fear , what happened this time ? note to both : don't worry about it too much , no one saw this movie anyway . bottom line -- i'm still shaking my head . don't waste your time on this turkey . if you want to see a great keifer sutherland movie , go rent flatliners or young guns . reese witherspoon's abundant acting talents are used to their full potential in fear , a great thriller . do yourself a favor and rent one of these movies -- but stay as far away from freeway as you possibly can . 
i'll be the first to admit it . when you mention the book great expectations , i immediately begin experiencing flashbacks to junior high english class , where i was confronted with a torturously boring book filled with people with such nonsensical names as pip and magwitch . yes , it's a classic of literature , but it was a rather dry one , shoved down my young throat like a spoonful of bitter medicine . certainly , the experience wasn't truly that bad , but , to quote ethan hawke in the latest movie adaptation of said book , " i'm not going to tell the story the way it happened . . . i'll gonna tell it the way i remember it . " anyway , to return from nostalgia lane , and get back to the present , hollywood , in it's trendy attempt to modernize the classics , now presents an updated film version of great expectations . instead of pip , this time the central character is named finn ( played as a boy by jeremy kissner , and by ethan hawke as an adult ) . finn is an orphan being raised by his unfaithful sister maggie , or should that be mrs . joe , ( kim dickens ) , and her boorish fisherman husband , joe ( chris cooper ) . the setting is the florida coast during the mid-70s . finn is a blooming artist , and spends his time running around the beach drawing fish ( one of his two favorite subjects ) . during one of these escapades , he literally stumbles upon an escaped criminal ( robert deniro ) . borrowing a page from the superhuman max cady , deniro's criminal has a seemingly limitless lung capacity , and favors hiding on the ocean floor . ok . . . maybe that's an exaggeration , but he certainly beats any of houdini's records in the opening scenes of the film . and that's nothing next to the fuel efficiency of finn's motorboat , but i digress . anyway , finn does the convict a good deed , just to show that he's a really swell guy . and then the plot moves on . enter miss havisham . . . or ms . dinsmoor here ( anne bancroft ) . abandoned at the altar some 26 years ago , ms . dinsmoor is the epitome of the crazy rich old maid . with bizarre clothing , eccentric mannerisms and a few pounds of makeup , anne bancroft seriously overacts in this role . although she ends up nowhere near a believable character , she does add some humor to the film . joe is hired to help with the gardening at her unkempt manner , but the insane ms . dinsmoor soon hires finn to be a plaything for her niece , estella ( raquel beaudene as a young girl , gwyneth paltrow as an adult ) . for no apparent reason , other than to provide the main plot of the film , finn is instantly stricken for the estella . perhaps it's her snooty attitude or her utter disdain for his person , or maybe finn has simply never met a girl before . in any case , neither as children nor adults , chemistry simply doesn't exist between the two , and yet finn spends the remainder of the film pining for her . even when , as an adult , finn arrives in new york at the behest of a mysterious benefactor , reacquaints himself with estella , and draws her portrait in the nude , there's nothing . in fact , there is more sexual tension between helen hunt and greg kinnear's gay artist during a similar scene in as good as it gets . at this point , the audience has grown as cold and detached as estella's character , and couldn't care less about the two characters . the bulk of the blame here falls upon gwyneth paltrow . she fails to imbue estella , a remote character in the book , with even the vaguest traces of humanity . there's obviously something wrong when , watching the film , you're more interested with how big her nose looks in silhouette than you are about her character . without a strong estella , finn's obsession seems baseless . you wish he would just stop whining , let estella marry his rival , walter plane ( an oddly subdued hank azaria ) , and just get on with his life . in fact , the two relationships that work in the film are purely tangential to the main plot . finn's relationship with his brother-in-law , joe , is interesting , if a bit stereotypical . what's more fascinating are his interactions with deniro . although it's only a bit part , it goes to show how much vitality a strong actor can create . it is apparent that director alfonso cuarsn put a lot of work in creating the imagery of the film . some of the shots work , but others are too obviously staged ( for example , both of the water fountain scenes ) to have any impact . finn's art ( actually the creations of italian painter , francesco clemente ) is used throughout the film , but it mostly fails to have the intended effect . we never see why finn would generate this style of art , which is simultaneously crude and insightful . as a result , it ends up as distant as the rest of the film . modernizing the classics is currently in vogue ( just see william shakespeare's romeo+juliet ) . simply update the action to a modern setting , and apply plenty of modern rock . but such adornments do little to perk up great expectations . as much as i dreaded the novel when i first read it , you'd probably be better off suffering though a reading than watching this romanceless film . 
this is your definitive " hollywood " movie , extremely predictable , following the basic formula ( a horrible ending ) , overzealous writing ( meaning the writing was bad and seemed as if it were trying too hard to make it exciting , therefore making it look as if many things were merely tossed in there to fill space ) and if tommy lee jones and his lovable wise-ass character ( of which we've seen before in the fugitive and quite frankly , wasn't used enough here ) , i'm afraid the film would have been completely unbearable . in this film , ashley judd plays a women who is wrongfully convicted of killing her husband while out sailing for a weekend . while in jail she finds out that her husband really is alive and that he framed the murder on her . over money ( how original ) . while in jail she works out , exercises and basically does her best to get into near perfect condition . now she has learned about a law titled " double jeopardy " stating that if she serves her full sentence and get out she could kill her husband and the law could not touch her ( although there has been talk that this is not the way the actual law works ) . now her po ( parole officer ) , and a bunch of cops are chasing after her and are conflicted whether or not to believe her claims . skipping over to the acting : the fact that judd is more of a looker than an actress ( no offense , she has been good [simon birch] and even very good to great [kiss the girls] at times , in the past and i believe may have the potential to be better . . . but she's terribly unconvincing in this and her performance seems stale and unsatisfying ) doesn't really add to the movie at all ; just takes away . as i'd said , jones was fine , although he did not have much to work with . he was much more of a supporting character . which is fine , and he handled it well ; especially considering the material he had to work with . i feel this film had alot going for it . originality not being an issue . the acting was the only thing ( as i said ) keeping it alive . the plot seemed pretty intriguing and could have been as well if applied better . the action scenes were well made ( however sometimes out of place ) . i was just left unsatisfied in the long run . so basically some of the action may have been exciting but genuinely over-thought , the plot has certainly been done before ( generally speaking ) , the movie moves way too fast for us to get involved in either the characters or the plot , and is basically a film that was almost saved by tommy lee jones , who if he had some more screentime , could perhaps have earned the film a higher rating ; in my book , anyway . keep this in mind , if you're in the mood for a good action film -- rent the fugitive . d+ 
remember tom cruise and brian brown as rival bartenders juggling bottles of booze in " cocktail " ? remember how stupid that looked ? and remember the scantily-clad dancers of " flashdance " getting doused with buckets of water ? well , " coyote ugly " does those films five better ( or six better if you count john goodman ) , since here we have piper perado , maria bello , tyra banks , melanie lynskey , and izabella miko doing the absolut spinning and jiggling thing while pouring pitchers of perrier all over their semi-naked torsos . no , goodman doesn't flip jim beams or wear anything particularly risqu ? in the film but he * does * get up on the bar and start gyrating with the rest of them . and the central character's love interest , played by an australian actor named adam garcia , proves * he * can get up on that bar and start shimmying along with the rest of them too . what seems to have started life as a victoria's secret photo shoot quickly deteriorates into one heck of an embarrassing movie . violet ( perado ) is a south amboy hopeful who tries to make it big as a songwriter ( not a welder ) in new jack city . as na ? ve as they come , she's fobbed off by music producer's receptionists by the scorn-ful and has her apartment robbed hours after touching down in chinatown . and , like her mother before her , she gets stage fright whenever she tries to do the open mike night thing . when she sees a trio of babe-a-licious barkeeps thumbing through a stack of $20s in an all-night diner , violet simply has to check out this bar they call coyote ugly . lil ( bello ) , the no-nonsense owner , agrees to give violet an audition but violet blows it . still , lil gives violet another chance . a riot breaks out ( riots are the order of the day at 'ugly's , since the staff are relentless in flaunting their sexual wares , flambeeing the bar , and soaking the patrons with diet sprite--this is certifiable behavior in case i didn't mention it ) but violet successfully subdues the crowd by singing along to blondie's " one way or another " on the jukebox . she's hired ! and cured , since this little episode gives her the confidence to sing in an amateur talent contest where her dad ( goodman ) , the junk food-eating , laundry-impaired toll collector , comes to see her and is as proud as punch . the end . 
to sum the entire film " 54 " up in one sentence , it would be : watch a vh1 documentary instead . " 54 " , seems like someone brought william faulkner into 1978 , brought him into studio 54 , got him really drunk , told him to write about it , and then dumbed that down to be released to the public . a sloppy version of almost stream of conciousness spirals down into an oblivion of the illusion of sex , drugs , and disco . the narrator , shane o'shae ( ryan phillippe ) , works as a grease monkey in new jersey who , of course , on a whim decides to go into new york and try to get into studio " 54 " . phillippe gives a passable performance which could have been made by any young , attractive actor with a six pack stomach . he is let in by steve rubbell ( mike myers ) , the infamous co-owner of studio 54 , because he is attractive . he eventually becomes a bus boy and then a bartender . . . you expected more , didn't you . there isn't . the film builds up from nothing and becomes nothing as it's climax ( isn't that an apt word for studio 54 ) lands with a thud . the glitz of the club and perpetually semi-clothed patrons are used in an to attempt to show the it's glamour . for much of its target audience , college age to early thirties , it attempts to show celebrities mixing with " normal people . " this even fails since the only two celebs truly introduced are andy warhol and truman capote . you can be sure that half of the audience hasn't heard of them , another quarter only know their names , and the other quarter knew they were there already . the humor , if you can call it that , is built on an eighty year old woman getting high and 70s references like john travolta and olivia newton john making us laugh at how stupid we were back then the best performance in the film is given by mike myers as the perpetually high , sexually ambivlaent , very new york steve rubell . he seems to play rubell better than rubell would if he was still alive . he looks like rubell and sounds just like him while giving a subdued , almost nostalgic performance , when needed . it reminds you of his saturday night live character linda richmond on " coffee talk " sans dress and wig . the supporting cast of salma hayek , breckin meyer , and neve cambell are their only there to give added subplots which are introduced but lead absolutely nowhere . the romance between phillippe and cambell , as a soap opera star , is completely implausable . the two share about half as much screen time as there are shots of the eighty year old hooked on amphetimenes . hayek's wanna-be singer seems extremely forced and her husband , greg ( meyer ) stands in as shane o'shae's surrogate best friend . the subplots seemed forced and seem like they have been added just to make sure the film was over an hour and a half long . overall , " 54 " tried to give a view of the brashness of the place where crack flowed like heroin which flowed like wine . the film never leads to anything , has no obserable point , and covers up a lack of real plot with a veil of beautiful people . in truth , that reminded me of the eighies . 
at first glance , i thought that the sword and the sorceror had promise . its plotline goes like this : the evil king cromwell , desiring to take over the world , resurrects an evil , ancient sorceror , xusia for power . he attacks the kingdom of eh-dan and kills young prince talon's parents . given a triple-bladed sword ( which can shoot bad guys , like a gun ) by his dying father , talon vows for revenge . eleven years later , when he's established his own army , the mercaneries , he vows to take back his kingdom . along the way , he meets up with alana , whose village is attacked by drunken guards and her brother is kidnapped by cromwell . talon vows to help , and , after a series of minor escapades , eventually ends up rescuing alana's brother ( and several other prisoners ) , only to be captured himself ( in other words , put on a cross to be crucified ! ) . fortunately he frees himself , rescues alana from marrying cromwell , defeats xusia , and then cromwell , all with his triple bladed sword ( during the final battle , the blade breaks , but talon finishes cromwell off by using a hidden dagger in the blade ) . then , everything ends happily . unfortunately , the sword and the sorcerer is not even half as good as it sounds . what would have been a great film is completely destroyed by uneven plot jumping , bad acting , and gruesomely gory , bloody scenes . never once does the story seem to connect together , it just jumps around repeatedly . this problem is extremely noticeable in the opening scene where cromwell resurrects xusia . after telling him that he needs his help , he leads the warlock out into daylight , but then stabs him and sends him careening off a cliff afterwards . wait a minute , didn't the plotline say that he needs the help of xusia in order to invade eh-dan , which he cannot do by military force ? if that is the case , why does he dispose of xusia after resurrecting him ? and why does he manage to take over eh-dan anyway ? these questions are just never - no , never - answered in the film . another example is that one moment we see talon fighting for his life , another moment we see him just about to be crucified during alana's wedding to cromwell ( ! ) , and finally at the end , instead of settling down with alana , he just tells her to " wait " , and then he just rides off ! in addition to the extremely bloody scenes , this uneven plot jumping completely destroys what would have been a great fantasy adventure . even some attempts to make it exciting , a few fire scenes , battle scenes , don't work . it just completely fails altogether miserably . the only good thing about this film is its musical score , contributed by david whittaker , who had an ( extremely ) short music composing career . the score is boomy and adventurous , powerful , and a billion times better than this film is . my suggestion : steer the hell away from this bloody mess and buy the soundtrack album instead ( if you can find it ) . ironically , though , before the film's credits roll , there is a message indicating that a sequel , tales of the ancient empire , would follow . to my relief ( and delight ) , it never got into production , because the sword and the sorcerer laid an egg at the box office , grossing only $39 million . critics were right on in slamming the sword and the sorcerer , all right . leonard maltin rightfully called it " second rate in scripting , and acting " and at-a-glance film reviews called it " a confusing , stupid , unimaginative , unengaging , bloodfilled bore " . i totally agree with these reviews , all right , and i hope that this piece of #$% ! will be forgotten about . there are far better fantasy movies than the sword and the sorcerer . i hope you get a good laugh out of this review , but i am not laughing . in fact , my insults don't even come close to the gruesome sickness that this film gave me throughout its 100 minute running time . 
capsule : liebes meets tod . this was a film about sex and death . a morgue attendant accidentally revives a dead woman through necrophilia and brings her into his world which is heavy on orgies . this film says something obscure about the relationship of sex and death , but imparts no insights . to make matter worse this print was poorly subtitled into english from french . 0 ( -4 to +4 ) - an attractive 18-year-old dies on a disco floor and gets sent to a morgue . one of the attendants , ben ( jean-marc barr ) is so attracted by her that he attempts necrophilia . we see him crawling away after a shock . in the middle of sex the dead teen has come back to life . - the morgue attendant was just adding a new form of sex to his collection of kinks . he was already part of a group that gets together for s/m sex . the revived teen , teresa ( elodie bouchez ) joins them . - moral dilemma of teresa's father . ben has abused his daughter's body , but in doing so has saved her life . - part of this opaque allegory is a man saved from suicide who joins in the sexual hijinx . also involved is a man in the final stages of dying of aids , a close friend of the morgue attendant . he does not get involved in the orgies . - the subtitles of our print were white , often on a white background making them often hard to read , but i don't think there was a whole lot of meaning there that was lost . - the title means " don't let me die on a sunday . " 
if only austin powers : the spy who shagged me had been just half as original , zany , silly and totally enjoyable as its predecessor , it would have easily been one of this summer's biggest pleasures . if only . in fact , the spy who shagged me is the exact opposite of the original ; instead of refreshing the audience with one clever parody after another , the filmmakers bombard us with used-up , tired jokes taken directly from the first one . take the scene where austin powers ( again played by mike myers , but with only a fraction of the giddy enthusiasm he displayed previously ) confronts a henchmen on the side of a cliff . after being pushed off the ravine , the bad guy is of course assumed dead . but suddenly , we hear a pleading voice coming from down below ; he's only injured . a similar scene played very well in the original international man of mystery , but here i was insulted by it . did the filmmakers really believe the audience would laugh at a rip-off ? apparently i overestimated the intelligence of the average movie-goer , considering that the film has pulled in over $200 million in domestic theatrical grosses alone . do i hear the sound of a franchise heading our way ? having said that , though , i still cannot deny the film its merits . the basic plot was delightfully silly enough to sustain my interest somewhat ; dr . evil ( mike myers , in the second of his three roles ) , having constructed a time machine , goes back to the year 1969 in an attempt to snatch austin power's " mojo " ( don't you just love that word ? ) whilst he is cryogenically frozen . when austin gets wind of this ( after a great intro explaining the absence of elizabeth hurley's vanessa kensington ) , he too travels back in time to re-claim his sexual drive , accompanied by the hot-to-trot felicity shagwell , played by heather graham . this sounds stupid , i know , but in the movie it starts to make some kind of weird , off-the-wall sense , and it worked for me . then there's mini-me ( verne troyer ) , a . . . petite clone of myer's dr . evil , exactly 1/8 in size . troyer's persona alone gains the film an extra half-star , contributing to one particularly hilarious scene where he attempts to nibble on his own mini-mr . bigglesworth . just try to ignore the fact that , at 2'8'' , he would make dr . evil's height rise to just over 21 feet . no matter . however , there are only about four hearty laughs throughout the entire hour and a half ( the most notable being the now infamous tent scene ) , and that just isn't enough to warrant even a minor recommendation . if there is in fact an " austin powers 3 " , they should just kill off secret agent powers and put the emphasis on dr . evil and mini-me . unconventional , yes , but there's no denying that it'd make for a better movie . 
synopsis : blond criminal psychologist sarah chooses to copulate with greasy tony the mysterious puerto rican rather than bearded cliff the wisecracking neighbor upstairs . in the meantime , someone sends sarah rotting flowers , puts her name in the newspaper's obituary column , and kills her cat . comments : never talk to strangers , a colossal waste of time , moves slower than molasses in winter to arrive at a conclusion which should be obvious to the audience 20 minutes into the film . one wouldn't think that two genuine movie stars , antonio banderas ( evita ) and rebecca de mornay ( hand that rocks the cradle ) , and the acerbic comic genius dennis miller ( " saturday night live " ) would be involved in such a celluloid backfire as this turkey . not only are they in it , however , but de mornay executive produced it . what was she thinking ? never talk to strangers centers upon sarah , a psychologist examining the ill-tempered max , a murderer soon to stand trial . she receives a sudden visit from her father which elicits flashbacks of some tragedy in her early childhood . two men woo her ; tony the " security consultant " wins her over ( so they have passionate sex replete with cheesy saxophone music ) . a lot of psychobabble is thrown around about multiple personality disorder , but the movie asks its audience not to derive the obvious conclusion between mpd and sarah , and instead offers several male characters as red herrings . 86 minutes , the running time of this cinematic mess , thus , seem like 86 hours . a good chunk of never talk to strangers is spent upon sarah and tony . why would the career-minded , professional sarah feel attracted to the walking steroid with a black hat called tony ? that's one of the film's mysteries which are never answered . regardless of motive , de mornay and banderas strip down and have sex several times in what passes for eroticism . they also manage to go out before copulating occasionally -- in one of the stupidest scenes of the film , tony takes sarah to a carnival that's * right outside * his dingy apartment ( that way , they can hurry back and have sex quickly ) . also , apparently , the weather changes quickly in their locale : they're at this outdoor carnival one day before having sex ; the next day , they're out playing in the snow before having sex . the filmmakers attempt to produce a suspenseful plot interspersed with tony and sarah's " character development . " someone is out to get poor sarah ( though most of the audience should have figured out who before any of this starts ) . rotting flowers , a writeup in the obituary , and a beaten neighbor are just a few of the bad things which happen to her . suspense cliche number one also occurs : whenever someone is stalked in thrillers , by any means , if the stalked has a pet , that pet will die . oftentimes , to even further the cliche , the murdered pet is a cat ( suspense filmmakers , for some reason , just don't like cats ) . sarah , in never talk to strangers , receives a package and , lo and behold , discovers her mutilated cat within . suspense at its very derivative ! as stated before , never talk to strangers is a poor excuse for a film whose sole purpose seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay's bodies as often as possible . comedian dennis miller is completely wasted here ( he's not given lines that are suitable for his persona ) and doesn't even appear all that much . maybe , in a way , he's lucky for that . early on in the movie , sarah tells tony , after meeting him in a supermarket , that she had been advised to never talk to strangers . allow me to advise that you never watch this stinker . 
warren beatty , diane keaton , goldie hawn and gary shandling star as a pair of married couples whose complacent lives are about to be shaken up in director peter chelsom's version of the classic romantic , screwball comedy in " town & country . " the drawing room farce of the 30's dealt with sexual innuendo and relied on wit and a great deal of commotion and noise to place the viewer in the thick of the duplicitous romantic action . back then , impossibly wealthy scions of society , with too much free time , would get themselves wrapped up in all sorts of sexual peccadilloes with spouses and lovers , only to have everything come out all right in the end - see " the philadelphia story " for a great farce . " town & country " has the impossibly wealthy protagonists with too much free time - the kind of people that have jobs but never seem to work - and sexual misconduct on several levels . but , there is almost no life to original script by michael laughlin and buck henry and this is " t&c's " downfall . there is , obviously , a great deal of hollywood talent , in front of and behind the camera , involved in " town & country , " but , without a likable or , at least , interesting story to carry through their efforts , it is all for naught . and , that's what we get here - naught . porter stoddard ( beatty ) is a high-powered new york architect with a very good life indeed . his 25-year marriage to ellie ( diane keaton ) appears , on the surface , to be perfect . but , there are cracks just below this pristine surface . his wife is suspicious of his whereabouts , his kids don't need him and his best friends , griffin ( garry shandling ) and mona ( goldie hawn ) , are in the midst of a divorce . porter tries to get control of his life before it is too late , but like a man fighting against quicksand , his struggle just sinks him deeper . at the 90-minute mark of " town & country " i asked myself , " what's the point ? " i wasn't entertained , i laughed three times - over silly little pratfalls - and spent most of the film marking time 'til the end . warren beatty wanders around with his character in a bewildered fog , making problems for himself by thinking with a part of his anatomy other than his head . keaton's ellie is an empty headed flake who can't see the obvious as porter screws around on her . and , as you get to know them , who would want friends like griffin and mona ? the supporting cast is given nothing to do and , sometimes , does harm to the film , given the material they are forced to use . nastassja kinski plays a cellist with whom porter has a fling . the actress , who has , eerily , failed to age over the years , is miscast as the air-headed musician and the character doesn't belong , anyway . jenna elfman is a sweet , but smart , ditz who joins porter and griffin on one of their tacked on misadventures . andie macdowell is absolutely painful to watch as a wealthy heiress ( is there any other kind in this movie ? ) who comes on to porter . the saving grace is a pair of quirky perf's by charlton heston and marian seldes as macdowell's very strange parents . glib rationalization of infidelity , like , " if he doesn't speak english , it doesn't count , " are a staple for the screenplay . the morality of the film seems to be , if you can get away with it , go for it . the cast of characters are mostly people you wouldn't want to know , never mind befriend . the actors do their best , but are hamstrung by the weak material . helmer chelsom , who made the outstanding , offbeat comedy " funny bones , " is mired in the mess of a script and never puts his imprint on " town & country . " the production values are high , as one expects from a big budget hollywood film . but , the opulent sets by caroline hanania , lavish wardrobes by molly maginnis and top-notch photography by william fraker cannot save " town & country . " the film has had a long list of production and distribution problems and it might have been better , for me anyway , if hollywood just said no to this movie . i give it a d . 
warning : may contain slight mild spoilers . rated : r for intense violence/gore , some strong sexuality and language . starring : arnold schwarzeneggar , robin tunney , rod stieger , gabriel byrne . running time : 132 minutes we go into a movie theater , boom ! the lights go down , our hearts race , we go through ten minutes of preview and finally the movie we've been waiting to see for a long time comes on . we sit there , watch in disbelief that this movie is as bad as it is . why shouldn't i have know what i was getting myself into . again like this past summers hit " stigmata " , " end of days " may be worse . it's not like this is any kind of original idea , it just throws in some " rosemary's baby " , along with " the devil's advocate " a little " exorcist " and some " stigmata " here and there . whala you have " end of days " a movie that is extremely disappointing and by the previews made it look terrific . sadly but truly again like most recent films , all the good parts are in the trailers . the plot which is very confusing at times is also very ludicrous and the movie is destined to be a hit in the first weekend , and flop in the next . jericho cane ( arnold schwarzneggar in hit typical macho role ) is a cop who finds out that he is chosen to track down satan ( living in gabriel byrnes body ) and stop him from impregnating christine york ( robin tunney ) because if he does , and she gives birth all existence as we know it will cease to exist . he has to do this before it turns into the year 2000 , and strangely he's trying to fight him 5 minutes before 2000 comes . he seeks help from the catholic church and help from rod stieger ( in a terrific role ) and tries to save this girl leading to an ending that's satisfying , but turns into a typical action movie . that's pretty much it on plot . it does have the razzle and dazzle of a great action movie , and with the 100m dollar budget parts seem to show it , parts you have to wonder where all the money went . as for arnie ? good role , ok performance . i think since he is getting a little older he is held back a lot of his stunts . the thing that disappointed me was the fact that there was nothing to the film . in the trailers it looks like a good scary , action film and ends up being a boring , long and preposterous drama that leads into something else that leaves us with questions . gabriel byrnes ( who ironically played a priest in " stigmata " ) here plays satan and gives a good performance but again seems held back and not into his character . two years back al pacino gave a terrific performance in the fun " the devil's advocate " and here it seems like the idea of him is in the character also . robin tunney ( great performance as always ) plays satan's main person whom he wants to impregnate to carry his child . of course rod stieger gives another great performance which really isn't nothing new . the direction by peter hyams is at times a bit overblown , though not nearly as the visual style was in " stigmata " . here we are given great camera work , and some great scenes that are terrifically directed but sadly just don't work in this movie . the script written by andrew marlowe has a few witty lines , but again the movie is all style and no substance and by the ending finale climax i was ready to go home . only a few things work here and those are a few of the performances , the writing and visual style , but the storyline and the finished product don't work as well . the sad thing is that " end of days " had so many things going for it . the plot could have been more organized , the action scenes could have been more brainy and less mind-numbing . at times it seems like " armageddon " and started to get old and tiresome . hollywood is running out of ideas bad , and like i've always said before needs new ones . even with its 100m budget " end of days " is less than pleasing . in fact the 100m dollar budget is at least 30m over , and easily could have had a 70m budget . maybe i sound crazy , but i am really looking forward to the new exorcist film , and hope that they make it as good as the original . we need to get new ideas and stop recycling old ones just to make money at the box-office . we need to get more films like " the blair witch project " that could scare people to death , while people thinking well what exactly is scaring them and how do i know that it is in fact the blair witch . overblown effects , stupid and thin plot-line , good performances , disappointing . . . . umm yup those pretty much describe " end of days " . 
the premise of turbulence is i'm sure very familiar to us all . we've seen it before in passenger 57 , executive decision , and countless other flicks that are good in there own way . you know , terrorists take over a plane , ask the police on the ground for what they what and so on . turbulence starts out with a " convict " ray liotta being accused of a crime . you think there is no way he could have done it , he's so open and kind . he is taken in and is subsequently transported on a commerical plane to la . this is already a problem . there is no way that convicts would be transported on the same commercial flight that normal passangers would be on . anyway , it is christmas eve and everyone is waiting to get to la and spend christmas eve there . well , convict one manages to stop the flight in its proverbial " tracks " and liotta , still as calm as ever , takes the other convict out . he also has eyes for lauren holly , a flight attendent , and seems to grow closer to her . " the plot stops here " i didn't like this movie because it seemed to be a rip off of every other airplane movie i've ever seen . at one point , mr . liotta looked exactly like jack nicholson in the shining ( i'm serious ! ) . it was like they stole for every other movie down to a " t " . the only reason i did not give this 0 stars is because it had some okay stunts . don't even bother ! 
ah , and 1999 was going along so well , too . " she's all that " has the dubious distinction of being the worst movie i've seen so far this year . and quite frankly , i doubt i'll see anything equally bad . ( at least , i * hope * i don't see anything equally bad ) . " she's all that " tells the story of the most popular guy in school ( played by freddie prinze jr . ) who accepts a bet to transform the geekiest girl in school ( rachel leigh cook ) into the most popular . that , right there , is problem #1 . how many times have we seen this storyline ? as cook comments near the end of the film , " it's kind of like " pretty woman " , except without the prostitution " . of course , had the filmmakers attempted to try something new with this material , the well-worn storyline would have been a device to propell the movie forward . as it is , though , " she's all that " relies * completely * on the lame and overused formula to push it ahead . there's not one original or interesting character in the film , either , and if that wasn't bad enough , there's not one good performance featured . the star of the movie , rachel leigh cook , is simply horrible . i usually don't like to get so personal , but in this case , i think it needs to be said . cook wears the same expression throughout the flick and looks to be having as miserable a time as i was . i was never convinced that she was a " nerd " , and her transformation was unconvincing and unnecessary . the movie seems to be saying it's better to be popular than to be who you are . as for freddie prinze jr . , an actor i ordinarily enjoy , he too is quite bad here . he coasts through the film on so-called charm , and never establishes a real character . kieren culkin is here , too , as the brother of cook . and for some indiscernable reason , he's got hearing aids . no explanation is given and they're never brought up . were we supposed to feel * sorry * for him just because he wore hearing aids ? i don't think so . that single element of the film was one of the most offensive things i've seen in a movie in a long time . " she's all that " sucks . that's what it boils down to . it's not entertaining , and it's not even a good time passer . the hour and a half running time goes by slower than a 5 minute hair-removal system informercial . and what's worse , it sends out a bad message to teens . it appears to be telling them , " hey , it doesn't matter if you're happy the way you are . that's unimportant . if you want to * truly * be happy , dress in the latest fashions and act like a bubble-headed moron . " ugh . 
tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers , all searching for deeper meaning . however , they won't find much meaning in the real blonde , and not enough real humor , either . joe ( matthew modine ) is a struggling actor , or he claims to be one , even though he has no credits under his belt . his girlfriend , mary ( catherine keener ) has no pretensions about her career : she's a makeup artist , working for the eccentric fashion photographer blair ( marlo thomas ) and supermodel of the month , sahara ( bridgette wilson ) . sahara , who has acquired a new age spirituality from repeated viewing of the little mermaid , has an on-again , off-again relationship with joe's best friend , bob ( maxwell caulfield ) . however , bob has gotten his biggest break yet : a starring role on a soap opera opposite the beautiful kelly ( daryl hannah ) , who may be that illusive woman he's always pursued : a real blonde . there are some moments of good humor in the real blonde , but not enough . the best stuff is in throwaway details in the background , such as sahara's perfume ads : " depression - it's not just a state of mind " . but to find humor in the superficiality of models and actors is to shoot fish in a barrel . and , unfortunately , the film's forays outside the realm of comedy are pathetic . take for example the film's framing device of an old lady and her dog . the story serves absolutely no purpose , makes little sense , and is completely tangential to the main plotlines of the movie . matthew modine and catherine keener have the most sympathetic characters in the film , but they're stuck in the most boring plotlines . modine whines and complains and would be completely pathetic if he was matched against someone stronger than elizabeth berkley , who appears as another struggling actor . keener's character has a stronger edge , but the insult self-defense class ( taught by denis leary , no less ) she is stuck in makes little sense . the movie's running time is under two hours , but it seems like it is well over it . there's just not enough humor to speed things along , and not enough meaning to propel any drama . 
in the line of duty is the critically praised series of television movies dealing with the real-life incidents that claimed lives of law enforcement officers in usa . the twilight murders , another one from the series , is dealing with the case of gordon kahl ( played by rod steiger ) , old farmer from north dakota who would rather spend a year in prison than pay taxes to the despised u . s . government . after being released , he still refuses to pay taxes and the warrant is issued for his arrest . when the u . s . marshals come to arrest him , it turns out that kahl isn't alone . many poor farmers in rural northwest share his extremist anti-government beliefs , and the routine operation turns into shootout that would leave federal officers that . that brings fbi on the scene , and agent mayberly ( michael gross ) is supervising the manhunt . however , his efforts seem fruitless , since kahl still has many supporters , some of them even in the local law enforcement . after betrayed , 1988 thriller by costa gavras , hollywood mostly ignored the disturbing trends of rising right-wing extremism in the american northwest , and that remained so until oklahoma city bombing , when media hype brought right-wingers back into spotlight . until that time , only the television movies like this one bothered to pay attention to that phenomenon . unfortunately , the twilight murders is still routine and formulaic television film , that uses sensationalist real life content in order to cover lack of originality in the script . sometimes , like many american tv movies , it creates drama where drama shouldn't be . on the other hand , film is steadily directed by dick lowry , and rod steiger does good job potraying gordon kahl . on the other hand , michael gross as his pursuer is quite wooden and his interaction with some of the actors is terrible . however , film does deal with potentially thought-provoking social and political issues , so hour and half spent in front of the screen shouldn't be the total waste of time . 
okay , i just don't know why , but i seem to be getting this diversion to disney-made real-life actors movies . . . as well as real-life acting tim allen movies . i couldn't even make it through " the santa clause , " so why did i even see this ? ( just to make an idle point , i did like " toy story , " but that was good ) also , i have this aversion to bad french farces , and if they remake them into american films . well , this is my excuse : it was prom night , i'm not a prom person , my best friend and i impulsively went to the drive-ins where they were playing " grosse pointe blank " - wouldn't mind seeing it again - but i had to suffer through this first . i agreed to go . ugh . in all fairness , i can say that at least this inane plot wasn't dreamed by an american . it was originally a french film released in america under the pseudonym of " little indian , big city " ( french title - " un indien dans la ville " ) . i stayed away from it like it was limburgher , and according to roger ebert , that was a good idea . but i can only imagine how bad that must be if this is an improvement . the stupid plot concerns a father who just learns he has a son from his current marriage . let me clarify : his wife ( jobeth williams ) left him years ago , and i mean years - around 13 or so - and went to an island in the carribean or something . he goes to her to finally get the divorce papers signed so he can remarry this . . . thing ( played with an emphasis on over-done by lolita davidovitch , who is usually good ) . she tells him he has a son as his boatman goes off . he meets him , he has a weird name ( mimi seku , i think . . . or as the bad joke goes - " mitsubishi " - laugh track cue ) , he knows english , they fish , more bad jokes , pirhanna joke , the kid has a pet spider , he makes a promise to take him to the statue of liberty . . . you know the drill . now this is where the plot complicates ( well , complicates for this one , at least ) : the fish-out-of-water joke switches from tim allen on an island to his island son in new york city . tim is a stock broker and his coffee profits are plunging because his laptop died and he wasn't able to communicate with his assistant or whatever he is - martin short . a russian mob is tossed into the plot somewhere ( how come in every hokey french import , there is a mob ? ! ) tim learns a lesson of life from his son and we discover that cellular phones can operate on an island even though there are no sockets to recharge the batteries . the story is crap , the jokes are hokey and not really funny , and the actors have to struggle to make it interesting . but the material is so fowl that even a rewrite by quentin tarantino couldn't help it . the whole time , i kept thinking that a grown person had to think this up and several more grown people had to do this . at the end of filming , did they all scream out , " we've made a great movie , guys ! " i sure hope not . big question to get from this film : why would someone want to remake what was billed as one of the worst films of all time if they're just going to do it the exact same way ? huh ? my ( for some of the actors' names and a joke or two that made me chuckle , i guess . . . okay , so i really feel bad for it , so i only gave it one star ) 
by starring in amy heckerling's " clueless " two summers ago , alicia silverstone proved she wasn't just another pretty , pouty ingenue , showing a buoyant comedic craftiness that blew all previous jobs -- namely a stint as the aerosmith girl and a silly turn as the lethal lolita of " the crush " -- out of the water . her only work since that 1995 gem has been in june's " batman & robin , " where she overcame the underwritten role of batgirl . now , she's the star and producer of " excess baggage , " a hopelessly phony film that demonstrates how an ill-composed story can drag an otherwise solid performer down to its level . silverstone's emily t . hope is stuck with a billionaire father ( jack thompson ) who neglects her emotionally . in an outlandish plan to gain his affection , she fakes her own kidnapping -- emily uses an electronically disguised voice to call her dad and set a pricey ransom , ties her legs together and mouth shut with duct tape and locks herself in the trunk of her bmw . but before the police can " rescue " her , professional auto thief vincent roche ( benicio del toro ) jimmies the locks , hot-wires the engine and makes off with both the car and emily , who's still trapped in the back . when vincent discovers emily , the two don't exactly hit it off -- she annoys him , he annoys her , and at the advice of his slimy car salesman partner ( harry connick , jr . ) , he decides to drive her out to the middle of nowhere and leave her there . along the way , of course , they get into a whole heap of trouble , and come to realize that being together is the only way to get out of their sticky , felony-studded situation . it doesn't help matters that emily and vincent are being trailed by cops , crooks and even her shady uncle ray ( christopher walken ) , who's wise to his niece's ploys for attention and has mafia connections . for at least a half-hour , " excess baggage " bounces along fast and efficiently . during this time , emily and vincent sport engaging personalities as well as a nice role-reversal twist -- she's an awfully aggressive , combative victim and he's quite the aloof , seemingly vulnerable captor . but once it's past its set-up , the situation suddenly becomes uninvolving as the story tries to be too many things at once . a road movie , a teen comedy , a mob thriller , a drama about family relationships -- you name the cliche and " excess baggage " likely covers its territory . of course a romance develops between the two leads , but it all seems forced , and thus characterization is manipulated to cause the finally happy outcome . " do you like my tummy ? " emily coos to vincent at one point in the film . huh ? did i miss something ? the hard-edged , foul-mouthed grrrl is suddenly gone and replaced with a pair of batting goo-goo eyes . then again , " excess baggage " becomes so weak in so many areas that the personality transplant is not a complete surprise . a supporting cast attempts to do what they can with colorful but empty secondary roles , but the movie isn't game enough to use them all and therefore seems overcrowded . motivations keep shifting , resulting in an often confusing narrative . scant existing story background confuses matters even worse and adds to the growing list of unanswered questions . " excess baggage " has too many characters , too much plot and juggles with one arm behind its back and a remaining shaky hand . i loved silverstone's turn in " clueless " as an aloof , pampered beverly hills matchmaker inspired by jane austen's " emma . " looking back at the skill she displayed for comedy there , it's simple to justify any high expectation or enthusiasm that i had mustered for " excess baggage . " sadly , however , " excess baggage " is no " clueless . " but , on the other hand , it is clueless . 
if you've been following william fichtner's career ( and there's absolutely no reason why you should have ) , you might have noticed that he's played some rather similar roles over the years . like sully in " the perfect storm " --tough , gruff , and a little bit scary . or law in " albino alligator " --tough , gruff , and little bit scarier . or colonel william sharp in " armageddon , " or dwayne engelman in " strange days , " or even his brief appearance towards the beginning of " pearl harbor , " as the abusive father of danny--here is an actor who gravitates towards tough , gruff , hard-hitting roles . which is why his performance in " what's the worst that could happen ? " is such a shock , such a delight . in the film , fichtner plays a blonde haired , meticulously dressed , overtly effeminate , dog-loving detective . as alex tardio , fichtner's performance borders on caricature but goes beyond it . it borders on offensive but doesn't really manage it . and it borders on clich ? d stereotype but doesn't quite succumb to that definition either . in a role so diametrically opposed to what the actor has played before we should have seen it coming , fichtner isn't perfect--you can see him struggling a little at times , concentrating a little too hard on the look as he swishes his hand through the air , or nuzzles a coiffed canine up close and personal--but he's pretty damned good , and silly , and without question the best thing in the film . in fact , had it not been for fitchner's sudden and bizarre appearance , and his jarring screen presence thereafter , i would have walked out , for " what's the worst that could happen ? " is mesmerizing in its awfulness , a poorly written , haphazardly edited , and totally unfunny ( yes , it stars martin lawrence and danny devito so how could that be possible ? ) moviegoing experience . fichtner's performance doesn't exactly save the film , and it's not like i'm recommending " what's the worst that could happen ? " solely on the strength of the actor's dramatic turnaround , but his contributions do raise the film's rating from no stars to one-and-a-half . thumbs up to fichtner then , and thumbs down--way , way , down--to everyone else involved in this sorry mess , a movie so dull and pedestrian and nonsensical it doesn't even warrant discussion . 
wyatt earp details thirty-five years in the life of same from around 1865 to 1900 . after seeing the movie speed twice recently , i kept thinking that i was seeing wyatt's life pass before my eyes in real time . this movie was boring , slow , boring , and slow . there were a few scenes that tried to be great scenes that tried too hard and just fell flat . the script happily woman-bashes but also tries to sound like an 80s movie . they cannot have it both ways . " i now pronounce you husband and wife . " sure , they said that in the 1800s . " entrepreneur . " sure . every bit of male-ego-stroking dialogue that wyatt's third wife speaks to him made me sick to listen to it . " oh , the script was written by two men ? " " no kidding ! " the movie is torture to sit through . the scenery is boring . the fades were either awkward or cliche or to self important . can you say poor editing ? everyone looks ugly in this movie . when you shoot people from under their chins , they look like they have double chins . kevin costner has never looked worse . he should sue . he looks like he gained the 43 pounds that dennis quaid lost . dennis quaid is marvelous . if you have to see this movie just for his performance , go into the theatre at the movie's halfway mark . doc holliday ( quaid's character ) shows up at about the 90-minute mark . gene hackman is very good . is he in the credits ? i don't remember seeing his name . mare winningham makes the best of a small role as wyatt's second wife . annabeth gish is good as wyatt's first wife . i though that jamie gertz played wyatt's third wife , but i later heard that her name is joanna going . she looks great but her dialogue sucks . she also seems way to young for costner . costner seems way to old for 90% of this movie . in his first scene he is supposed to be about 19 years old . yeah , right . catherine o'hara and jobeth williams are always good and totally wasted here . this is the worst movie that i have seen in years . the last action hero was better that this . go see maverick if you want to see a western . bullets for dennis quaid's performance only . 
my giant begins with a monologue that's more funny than not and a distinctive `princess bride , ' medieval fairy-tale-in-the- ? 90s feel . i was pleasantly surprised how sharp the comedy was , with very funny scenes occurring on a movie set in romania where talent agent sammy ( billy crystal ) is visiting a client and in the monastery where sammy ends up after being mysteriously saved when he accidentally plunges his car into a stream . and when sammy meets max , his giant , mysterious savior played by gheorghe muresan , there is magic in the air ; albeit it a bit goofy , i loved every minute of it . the film , of course , plays on the size difference between the two , and at times you would almost swear it must be special effects . i particularly enjoyed a shot of sammy dangling his legs from a max-sized chair as the two face each over an enormous table and eat from oversized bowls and spoons . i also liked jere burns' ( from tv's `something so right' ) performance as the director of the film in romania . at this point , the primary flaw in the film is that gheorghe muresan is incredibly hard to understand , particularly during his fast-paced first scene . it is unfortunate that the script required him to speak quickly right out of the gate , as i did understand him more as the film continued and i became accustomed to his speech . however , about the time muresan becomes coherent , the characters head to new york and the film takes a dive . off the high board . suddenly , we are expected to believe sammy is a do-whatever-it-takes slime ball . up until this point he was pursuing his own interests to be sure , but he didn't come off as a desperate jerk . if he had , the first scenes could never have been so lighthearted and magical . but now , in new york , we are further introduced to his neglected wife and son , and his character is desperate enough to involve max in a disturbing giant vs . midgets wrestling match , which i found quite unpleasant and jarring within the framework of the film . indeed , many scenes stuck out of this film like incorrectly placed puzzle pieces . this includes the scenes featuring steven seagal , when sammy gets max a role in a big , hollywood movie filming in las vegas . while i enjoyed seeing seagal poke fun at himself , the scenes appeared to exist solely because of his participation , rather than because the film demanded it . and the audience is required to take a huge leap to believe that max would win the role based on his quotations of shakespeare . at this point i found myself thinking , `we're supposed to believe that someone would cast this guy in a film ? ' then i realized he was , and i was watching it . in the final third , the film undergoes another transformation , this time to unbridled sentimentality . note : major plot points are revealed in this and the final paragraph . max went to america because sammy promised to reunited him with his childhood love , lillianna , who hasn't seen him since he was a normal-sized kid . her refusal to see max ( unbeknownst to him ) leads us to an awkward `ends justify the means' scene as sammy's wife serena , played nicely by kathleen quinlan , poses as lillianna . i found this scene offensive . not only did it rely on deception to induce warm , fuzzy feelings from the audience , it reduced max to someone we should pity and coddle , which i thought was quite undeserved . i think max could have handled the truth , gratuitous illness and all . late in the film we learn max , and in fact all giants , have a heart condition which shortens their lives considerably . this could be an enlightening revelation , but the film seemingly presents it only to justify sammy's transformation into a caring , sensitive guy -- and hey , a great dad and husband , too ! `my giant' suffers from a poorly constructed story line and undeveloped characters whose actions are determined by plot points rather than their own internal persuasions . a stronger story with more room for character growth might have been possible if the focus was on max's struggle to be accepted and cast in movies instead of sammy's struggles to get money and become a better person . in this scenario , max's illness could have been a integral part of the film not a story motivator . sentiment and emotion would have followed naturally . instead , we're apparently not supposed to like sammy until the end , but we're not allowed to focus on max . crystal and muresan give adequate and at times enjoyable performances , but in the end , `my giant' left me feeling like i'd been fed gruel from a giant spoon . 
perhaps best remembered as the recently departed news anchor on saturday night live who always started the segment with " . . . this is the fake news , " norm macdonald , at times , could elicit some laughter by blurting out semi-offensive phrases in his raspy voice , coated with a condescending attitude . his shtick was marked by crassness . in this movie , for example , when his girlfriend says that she's kicking him out because he's been fired from 14 different jobs over the last 3 months , he tries to calm the situation by saying , " maybe you'll feel better after we have some dirty sex . " this kind of humor can only go so far , but certainly can't go the distance in a full-length feature . " dirty work " , is nothing more than a sophomoric comedy about two best friends who grow up only physically . emotionally , they've never outgrown their pubescent years , which is somewhat amusingly explored in a beginning flashback . although having no apparent real world skills , the one thing that these two have always been adept at is getting back at people . if the meter maid was unjust in giving you a ticket , then dump a bunch of unpopped kernels of corn onto the engine block and watch the car burst apart . mitch ( norm macdonald ) and sam ( artie lange ) need to come up with $50 , 000 in a period of two weeks so that sam's dad ( jack warden ) can have a heart operation . their idea is to start a revenge-for-hire business where they'll do your dirty work . in the funniest scene ( and possibly the only funny scene ) of the movie , they take advantage of a live television shoot at a nearby used car lot . their presence is established , but when a less-than-honorable real estate developer hires them and then reneges on the payment , the two go to work to exact their sordid brand of revenge . by default , dirty work should treat us to some outrageous revenge plots , but it delivers jerky boys level material . except for the bit at the used car lot ( and possibly another episode that involves frat brothers ) , the dirty work is uninspired and becomes about as funny as a prank phone call . already weak on material , it further spirals itself towards the video store by having jack warden constantly blurt out that he has an unsatisfied libido and needs 'broads' and also includes a very unfunny chevy chase as a bumbling doctor with a gambling addiction . but what's really painfully evident is that norm macdonald has no versatility as an actor . relying on his trademark of speaking into his personal recorder and saying " note to self " ( " note to self : learn to fight , " he says after getting beat up ; " note to self : there's always beer , " he says after hitting rock bottom ; etc . ) , we feel like we're just watching an elongated rehash of his not-so-glorious days on saturday night live . much like the television show , for 90 minutes we get one or two funny bits . the rest of the story is just dead space . 
" payback , " brian helgeland's inauspicious directing debut ( coincidentally , he previously penned the award-winning screenplay for 1997's " l . a . confidential " ) , is a wildly uneven and thoroughly unpleasant revenge thriller that takes one idea---a movie with non-stop violence , death , and villains---and runs with it , or should i say , barely manages to crawl away with it . mel gibson , in yet another disappointing picture ( " conspiracy theory " and " lethal weapon 4 , " anyone ? ) , stars as the reprehensible villain/hero , porter , a man who becomes determined to get his 50% share of $140 , 000 , which he stole in a robbery , back when his partner-in-crime ( gregg henry ) and drug-addicted wife ( deborah kara unger ) double-cross him , shoot him , and leave him for dead . porter is not dead , however---not by a long shot---as he quickly rehabilitates and , along with his loyal prositute girlfriend , rosie ( maria bello ) , sets out to make everyone involved in the scam pay . the tagline for " payback " is , " get ready to root for the bad guy , " and sure enough , this is true , as pretty much every significant character who appears is crooked in some way . i wouldn't have a problem with this offbeat detail if the painfully thin story had been of any interest , but it wasn't , and therefore , i found myself having an especially laborious time investing myself into a wide array of character that have absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . no attempt is made to flesh the roles into three-dimensional characters , and there are no vacant signs that anyone has any sort of humanity in them . just because the protagonist , a " bad guy , " is played by mel gibson doesn't mean i will " root for him , " and i didn't . quite the contrary , every person in the movie deserved to die a gory death ( although some of them did , anyway , just to spice up the dull proceedings ) . since none of the respectable actors in " payback " actually have human beings to play , only one performance managed to stand out . lucy alexis liu ( of t . v . 's " ally mcbeal " ) , who plays a spicy s&m dominatrix , brightens up every scene she is in , and has a definite flair for comedy , something i would have liked to have seen more of , since most of the humor fell with a resounding splat . meanwhile , gibson , who is perfectly fine here , sleepwalks through a role that is not the least bit challenging . unger , who made an impression in 1997's " the game , " is surprisingly wasted and it is difficult to see why she took such a part since she disappears ten minutes in , and only has two purproses : ( 1 ) to get high on heroin , and ( 2 ) because she plays a key part in an early flashback . finally , kris kristofferson appears in a throwaway role during the climax , and this unnecessary plot development sticks out like a sore thumb ( tellingly , he didn't appear in the original cut of the film , but was cast when extensive reshoots took place months later ) . like most action movies , the star often takes a licking but keeps on ticking . in the course of the 102-minute running time of " payback , " porter is shot three times in the back , hit by a van , beaten up , and has his feet smashed with a sledgehammer . and guess what ? not only does he survive the whole ordeal , but he is happy-go-lucky in the penultimate sequence ( and can still walk ! ) , even though he looks like he had recently substituted for a punching bag . " payback " is not , in any way , an entertaining film , even though i am sure the makers hoped it would be with all the graphic carnage that goes on , but take away that violence and what you are basically left with is a blank screen . perhaps director helgeland would have been smart to consider this , so he could have at least added a few worthwhile elements , like a fresh storyline and characters whom you could even remotely stand to be around for a few hours . 
i'm going to start this review off with a hypothetical question . let's say you've just been in a car accident , and the driver of the other vehicle is unconscious . your friends have left to go get help , and you're waiting to see if the victim wakes up . a tow-truck comes along , and the driver hops out of the truck to see what's going on . he then proceeds to kill the unconscious victim by snapping his neck . do you : a ) run away screaming for your life , staying away from the main road , b ) run away ( but not too fast ) and stay on the main road even when the madman in the truck starts following you , * stop * to catch your breath , try to negotiate with the psycho , and when that fails , start running away again , all the while * staying on the main road * ? if you answered " a " , you are far more intelligent than the screenwriter of " texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation " and will likely hate this movie . however , if you answered " b " , prepare to enjoy a film made with idiots like you in mind ! " texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation " is being called a sequel , but it's really more of a remake of the original . there's a few changes here and there , but it's essentially the same ( even the infamous " meathook " scene has been re-created . ) the story opens with four teenagers hitting the road on the night of their prom , and somehow ending up in the middle of nowhere . needless to say , they soon encounter leatherface and his nutty family . much carnage ensues . to call this movie inept would be putting it mildly . in addition to the laughably idiotic situation i mentioned in my hypothetical question , there is a moment towards the end of the film where one of the baddies is killed by an airplane that literally comes out of nowhere . it just swoops down and kills him with its wheel . no explantion is given as to who was flying it or why he/she is going around killing people with the planes wheel . the dialogue is even more atrocious . zellwegger , who is kidnapped by " the family " early on , keeps trying to have normal conversations with these people . when you're surrounded by maniacs wielding chainsaws and dead corpses , i would think that rationality would go out the window . speaking of going out the window , there is a scene in which zellwegger jumps out a window . apparently , the stunt double had a little trouble , because she visibly gets stuck in the window . the director quickly cuts to a wide shot where the stunt double * doesn't * get caught in the window . this was one of many glaring inconsistencies . there are so many , in fact , that if i were to name them all , this review would be several pages long . the only reason i am giving this movie one star instead of no stars is because of matthew mcconaughey . he plays a member of " the family " with a hydraulic leg ( home-made , i might add ) and is so completely over-the-top , you can't help but be amazed by his performance . he obviously had a lot of fun with this part , and it really shows . he makes jack nicholson's portrayal of the psychotic inn keeper in " the shining " look restrained in comparison . for a horror movie , " texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation " contains surprisingly little gore . in fact , in contains none . there's a little blood here and there , but that's as far as it goes . which leads me to believe that the budget must have been * astonishingly * low , and it shows . everything about the movie looks cheap , from the sets to the costumes . especially leatherface . once frightening and nightmare inducing , he's now as terrifying as dame edna . do yourself a favor and take a pass at this remake . check out the far superior original instead . 
movies like six days , seven nights make me mad because talented people like harrison ford , anne heche , and ivan reitman put a lot of hard work in to a script worth about ten cents . ? the script was written by michael browning , and he decided that , instead of thinking up new ideas , he'd rehash a lot of cliches , omit even the slightest bit of character development , and then throw in drug-dealing pirates to provide for a few high-level action sequences and explosions . ? there are good scripts out there that high-profile actors can make ( see the truman show , for instance ) . ? six days , seven nights is simply a waste . let's see . . . we have to get harrison ford and anne heche alone on an island . ? so , how do we do that ? ? well , we'll make her a feisty magazine editor , and we'll make him a crusty old pilot . ? but wait , she has to have a fianc ? e ; that can be david schwimmer . ? but wait , if she has a fianc ? e , how will she and harrison ford crash on the island alone ? ? i know ! ? they'll get to their vacation spot , and then she'll get called back ! ? yessssss ! ? so , they'll crash on the island , and that will be funny for about five minutes . ? shucks . oh , i've got it ! ? we'll throw in a distracting subplot in which her fianc ? e has sex with a really attractive woman who acts like a bimbo , and then he can feel guilty . ? then , when anne heche kisses harrison ford ( they have to kiss , because otherwise nobody will want to see the movie ) , it will be a vindicated action , because her fianc ? e will already have cheated on her ! ? then , for no obvious reason , they'll accidentally run into pirates who try to kill them . ? oh , yes ! ? i feel so good about this story . ? instead of using characterization to propel the events , it will be completely random , and yet totally predictable ! ? imagine that . don't get me wrong -- six days , seven nights is not a boring picture ; ford and heche both do a great job . ? the sparks fly between them , and so most of browning's inane dialogue is drowned out by the actors' sheer force of talent . ? almost every scene between them has energy that the performers bring to the screen , and i found myself laughing pretty hard . ? schwimmer is also funny , and manages to milk all of his scenes for whatever he can get . ? and reitman , who has made some good films , at least tries to make things exciting . ? even though the pirate subplot is profoundly dumb , i was prepared to be pleasantly sidetracked by the action sequences . it's just when i start to think about the story that my contempt for this film surfaces . ? the picture feels like it's been hacked to pieces -- i wouldn't be surprised if five or six inept subplots have been edited out completely . ? the ones that are here are as bad as they come ( i think i let out a very audible groan when they get the first glimpse of the pirate ships ) , and i'd just like to shake the producers by the shoulders and scream , " why did you pick this awful script ! ? " ? the film is outright stupid , but some of the elements are subtly horrifying . ? for instance , take the subplot in which the schwimmer character has sex with the bimbo , and then feels really guilty . ? this is a serious problem in real life , but six days , seven nights reduces any chance of complexity to a weak plot device : ? his actions are what makes it okay for heche to kiss ford . ? in a script that lacks even a glimpse of intelligent subtlety , i find it odd that such a strangely insulting device ended up in the story . this is summer movie season , but that doesn't mean our movies have to be dumb . ? 1998 so far has been one of the worst years in recent memory for summer blockbusters . ? when i was in line for six days , seven nights , i heard the woman in front of me ask for " two tickets to that new harrison ford movie . " ? why didn't she know the name of the film ? ? i suppose she just didn't care . ? what bothers me even more is that the people who make these big-budget pictures don't realize that their films are becoming parodies of themselves . ? good actors should sign to good scripts , and if hollywood insists on making flicks to rake in cash , they least they could do is assume that we'd like to spend our money on a story worth more than ten cents . 
>from writer and director darren stein comes jawbreaker , the poorly told tale of what can happen when an innocent birthday prank goes wrong . at reagan high , four girls are sitting on top of the world . courtney shane , played by rose mcgowan , holds the title of meanest , most disrespectful soul in the school . everyone hates her , but everyone envies her due to her popularity . courtney is the " leader " of her clique , which also includes julie , played by rebecca gayheart , liz purr , played by charlotte roldan , and marcie , played by julie benz are the other three in the group . it is liz's seventeenth birthday , and julie , courtney , and marcie concur that they will play a seemingly innocent prank on her , but the prank results in the death of liz . just like stupid teens in any teen directed film such as this one , the foursome decide to cover up the death to make it look like a murder committed by someone else . and also just like in other teen directed movies , one of the four don't agree with hiding it , this time that character being julie . and finally , just like in other teen movies , there is a witness outside the group trying to hide the truth . this time that character being fern mayo ( judy greer ) , who is subject to many cracks from courtney's group , as well as the entire school . >from here , jawbreaker turns into a predictable tale of revenge , bad morals , and at least trying to do the right thing . not only is the script weak , on a whole the acting is horrid thanks to a large amount of the main cast . judy greer is undeniably awful as her one dimensional , annoying character , as she overacts every line she has . also on the bad side of acting is julie benz , almost falling to the annoying factor that greer delivers . on the positive side of acting , rose mcgowan performs well here , but doesn't match her wickedly clever performance as " tatum " , in 1996's scream . mcgowan's role is annoying , but this only adds to the film . she is wickedly mean , and even though she a well-written character , you downright hate her . faring even better than mcgowan is rebecca gayheart , who is always exceptionally believable as her roles . when the script feeds her a one or two dimensional character , she turns it into three , always putting strong emotion and power into her roles . gayheart isn't given as much to do here as she was in 1998's urban legend , but you can still get a strong taste of her acting skills in jawbreaker . jawbreaker drifts and mianders different sub plots throughout , hardly throwing anything for the viewer to get absorbed in . we get way off of the topic of the jawbreaker incident , and get into things that don't have anything to do with the actual film . the beginning and ending are strong , it's just the middle that needs a lot of help . during the body of the movie , it is undeniably repetitive , never progressing towards a conclusion . nothing to grab the viewer's interest is around , and the same , extremely annoying song plays over and over again . jawbreaker tries to get off on the same time of humor used in the 1995 film clueless , but falls flat . the few gags that actually work die off quickly and die off with a bang . all in all , a horrible disappointment . the bottom line : the tagline reads , " even the sweetest candies are sour as death inside . " yes , that is too true . no matter how good this film may have looked , it fails to deliver . 
a film that means well , but is too pushy in promoting its belabored point and too sentimental to be compelling as a drama . it's jeroen krabb ? 's melodrama about a community of jews in antwerp in 1972 who can't forget their bitter past . the heroine is an attractive , carefree , nonreligious 20-year-old , chaja ( fraser ) , who wants to forget her jewish roots by getting involved in student demonstrations , screwing a student rebel leader , and living with her gentile friends away from her nagging mother ( s ? gebrecht ) and her self-absorbed , eccentric father ( schell ) . her parents are survivors of the holocaust concentration camps , and her home life is filled with angst . her mother is in denial about the past always busying herself by cooking soup and baking cakes and complaining about everything , while her father is more openly loving but has recently been absorbed in searching for two suitcases filled with mementos , a family album , silverware , and his old violin . he buried them in a garden during the war while fleeing the nazis , but can't locate them now due to all the changes in the city . out of frustration after quitting her job as a dishwasher and facing eviction from her apartment , she reluctantly accepts a job as a nanny with an hasidic couple that an old man in her parents' apartment building , mr . apfelschnitt ( topol ) , tells her about . the hasidics are ultra-orthodox : they don't go to the cinema or watch tv , adhere to strict dress codes , and strictly observe their religious laws . chaja is at first put off by the way they expect her to follow their rules , but soon finds the wife , mrs . kalman ( rossellini ) , to be kind and she becomes attached to one of her 5 children , a 4-year-old named simcha ( monty ) who doesn't talk . the stern mr . kalman ( krabb ? ) is not friendly to her and considers her to be a whore because of the way she dresses . to hammer home the point of how anti-semitism hasn't gone away there's a barrage of overdone and uninvolving scenes with a sneering concierge ( bradley ) , who keeps making nasty remarks about jews and tries to make things inconvenient for them by preventing the jewish family from using the elevator . the film is done in by its ham-fisted script as the story , adapted from carl friedman's book " the shovel and the loom , " goes from one false note to another until it gets lost in all the goo of its sentimentality . it starts off telling chaja's story of how she's a lost jewess trying to find her identity , then to her nanny role as she loves a mute child stuck in an insulated environment , and then it makes it a story about the lingering effects of the bitter past that can't be forgotten . the effort seemed heavy-handed , as the film kept delivering too many obvious messages that it ponderously kept delivering through the stock characters . the supporting cast consists of all wooden characters who give their roles a cartoonish flavoring : chaja's parents are given no human shades , while the janitor villain was a particularly annoying role that was one-dimensional and falsely acted . the only ones who fought through the script and showed some feelings were fraser , whose effervescent face was expressive of both the trying times she was going through and the joys she felt -- but most admirably showing how she could be so mistaken as to think that she could forget her roots ; while rossellini gave a warm performance of a woman suffering in silence , but is strong in accepting her faith . topol's reassuring performance as the wise man who says all the right things to fraser , acts as the true voice of the filmmaker in explaining all the sufferings with common sense . the film brazenly uses little simcha to get across its agenda of pointing out how the patriarchal world can be cruel when it can't love : it starts out by showing how under chaja's loving care he's taken to the duck pond and soon starts jabbering away , beginning by saying 'quack , quack' and then going on to ask the four questions during a passover seder . but by showing how the boy is so terrified of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence , refuses to speak because of his stern dad , and eventually becomes the victim of a tragic accident , the film thereby exploits the boy's sufferings and his story just becomes tiresome and not sincerely done . i felt i didn't just see a movie , but i attended a lecture for the whole 100 minutes of this serious but unappetizing story . it was the kind of movie that you hoped would somehow end soon , as it seemed to be in the habit of rehashing its same viewpoint unnecessarily--the message it keeps sending was already received . in the last shot where father and daughter are hopelessly digging for the lost luggage , one has the impression that no one in the film learned anything about themselves or the past . that seems strange , since i thought that was what this film was supposed to be about . unless i was mistaken and the film's real aim was to make us cry over simcha . 
" mission to mars " is one of those annoying movies where , in the middle of the movie , you get the sneaking suspicion that the reason the trailer looks so good is because they showcased all the best parts of the movie : all five minutes of it . " mission " * does * give you payoff ; but when it does come , it's too little , too late . " mission " has some good ideas , but they get lost in the unbearably boring delivery , dime-a-dozen dialogue , and spate of good actors wasted in cardboard-cutout roles . i'm sure the director and writers were very proud of each hallmark moment they came up with , so they stretch each dramatic moment out like silly putty until it loses all its charm . glances don't communicate any deeper emotions just because you draw them out for five hours on end . the film spends an hour on this kind of stuff , building to its climax . a lot of it is a cliched glorification of family relationships , marriage , friendship , unite we stand divided we fall kind of crap . there are some spectacular special effects sequences in this film , and i give it points for trying to stay true to the science i know ( trying is the key word here ) . the sequence with the martian demonstrating their history is oddly beautiful and touching , but as mentioned by then we're so sick of the goddamn thing we want the movie to be over . great design , good intentions , but no cigar . if you're not a die hard sci-fi , fx or jerry o'connell fan ( his character is the only one who has some semblance of character ) , don't waste your eight bucks on this . and what the hell , tim robbins died halfway through the movie , in a stupid way too . that's just unforgiveable . 
the first species was a moderately-successful science fiction yarn that diverted audiences with some nifty special effects , a few well- paced action sequences , and frequent views of model-turned-actress natasha henstridge sans clothing . however , it was definitely not a movie that cried out for a sequel . and , considering the quality of species 2 , it's obvious that mgm should have stopped while they were ahead . the only thing that distinguishes species 2 is how awful it is . if you throw away the plot , which is characterized by a blatant disregard for intelligence , logic , coherence , and consistency , species 2 actually has a few things to recommend it to a select audience . of course , that audience is primarily comprised of teenage boys ( who , at least in theory , shouldn't be able to get into an " r " -rated film ) and connoisseurs of bad movies . there's enough blood , gore , simulated sex , and bare flesh in species 2 to prevent it from ever becoming boring . this is a grade z exploitation flick that's ripe for the mystery science theater 3000 treatment . somewhere , someplace , i recall hearing species 2 described as " erotic . " i would love to know who used with that adjective for this movie , because he ( or she ) has a peculiar notion of eroticism . sure , there's a lot of sex and nudity , but it's almost always accompanied by the ripping open of a woman's abdomen as an alien baby claws its way free , splattering blood and gore in all directions . anyone turned on by that is not someone i would care to be sitting next to in a theater . i suppose the main attraction in species 2 is natasha henstridge ( and , to get the obvious question out of the way -- yes , she does remove her top , but only once , and only briefly ) . although the character she played in the original species is dead , government scientists still have the dna , and , out of what can only be described as a suicidal impulse , they decide to create another clone . this creature , dubbed " eve " by its creator , dr . laura baker ( played by marg helgenberger , reprising her role ) , is genetically engineered to be kinder and more docile . meanwhile , man has finally set foot on mars . a team of three , led by patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , has traveled to the red planet , but when they return to earth , they bring something with them . ross has become a half-human/half-alien hybrid , and he's soon mating like crazy , collecting the blood-soaked children that are the result of each sex session . his intention is obviously world domination . standing in his way is that indomitable soldier of fortune from the first film , preston lennox ( michael madsen ) , and one of patrick's fellow astronauts , dennis gamble ( mykelti williamson ) . but when patrick learns about eve , a female of his kind , there's no damping his ardor . i'm not sure what the budget for species 2 was , but a significant portion of it must have gone into paying handsome salaries to several recognizable actors ( as opposed to being diverted into the special effects ) . michael madsen and marg helgenberger , both back for a second round , are clearly on hand to do as little as they can , grab the money , and run . ditto for james cromwell , who plays patrick's father -- " underused " is too kind a word to describe his involvement ( " invisible " would be more like it ) . george dzundza gets to do a little scenery- chewing as an angry-but-inept general . meanwhile , justin lazard's performance as patrick is so flat that he makes natasha henstridge's limited abilities look good by comparison . the only one in the whole production with any energy is mykelti williamson , who is cast in the part of the wisecracking black sidekick . complete with cheesy special effects , bare breasts around every narrative corner , and dialogue capable of producing howls of laughter , species 2 has been dumped into the marketplace without advance screenings for critics . director peter medak , a journeyman film maker with a significant list of mediocre movies on his resume , has added another forgettable title , but at least he appears to have had fun doing it , which is more than can be said of anyone trying to take this film with even a scintilla of seriousness . do i recommend the movie ? absolutely not , but i will admit that species 2 is dopey enough that it didn't try my patience to the degree that some pseudo-intellectual bad movies do . here's hoping there's no species 3 . 
around the end of 1998 , a japanese cartoon came to the usa television , and really wasn't that big . in fact not many people even knew what pokemon was , but in 1999 it hit big with kids and adults alike , and became one of the biggest franchises and merchandise seller of all time . in fact it even spawned a big screen adventure pokemon : the first movie which for what it was , wasn't all that bad . it grossed $31 million in its opening weekend , and went on to make almost $90 million . fans thought it was great and now is a second movie in the pokemon craze , " pokemon : the movie 2000 " which is far inferior to the original animated movie . first up is the plot , which there really isn't much of , in fact the plot what there is : a bad guy trying to destroy the ancient never before seen pokemon , lugia , is about it , except the fact that ash kethcum the worlds best pokemon trainer must try and stop him before he destroys this one pokemon forever . well there you go , of course ash is followed by his friends misty , brock , gary and his pokemon friends , pikachu , squirtle , charizard , the usual . even though the first movie wasn't a great film , it was definately an enjoyable well-made movie with an actual thin storyline . this new movie however is nothing but garbage , there is nothing good to it storywise , and its only good thing comes from some plush animation and colors . compared to the first film , this movie is awfully bland , from its opening titles , to the end titles it tries its best to work , but fails miserably at every corner . the characters are 1-dimensional , the story thin as chicken broth , and the writing very lame . even the so called action scenes are extremely lame , and falls before it even gets a chance to go . the voices even aren't that good and almost feels like the stars don't want to be there , like they can tell that this is an extremel bad movie . which it certainly is . the film has one thing going for it and that is the animation , although not up to disney standards , it is still very good with some interesting cgi's and very colorful animation , the colors jump out at you very fast , and seem very nicely put on film . why a film this bad got such a good treatment with its animation is still a question to be answered , hopefully pokemon 3 next year will be much better than this trash . for now watch the first one . its much much better . 
the thirteenth floor is a bland , obligatory exercise in genre film-making . if i hadn't recently watched the matrix and open your eyes -- both of which are similar but far superior -- i might have been a little nicer to this picture . craig bierko makes an adequate hero as douglas hall , the rich co-creator of a perfect human world simulation who is suddenly blamed for the murder of his boss ( armin mueller-stahl ) . everything that was subtle and smart about the previously mentioned films is battered over our heads in this one , and characters stare at each other for maddeningly-long periods of time and refuse to communicate on any realistic level . the acting is okay , but the film suffers from every logical flaw one could think of , and features a script ( co-penned by director josef rusnak ) loaded with cliches and stock characters . there are individual scenes and ideas that work -- i like the thought of a sentient computer program -- but none of the film's strengths are recognized to any meaningful degree . producer roland emmerich , based on this and his previous directorial efforts , seems hell-bent on bringing us the ultimate standard in mediocre science-fiction . 
if you don't think kevin kline in drag is funny , wait ? til you see will smith in drag-it's even less funny . by the time jim west ( smith ) disguised himself as a belly dancer to bail his captured comrade , artemus gordon ( kline ) , from the clutches of evil dr . loveless ( branagh ) , i was unequivocally bored by wild wild west , the new summer blockbuster from men in black director barry sonnenfeld . is the old west really a breeding ground for high comedy , anyway ? ( if your answer is no , then you recall rustler's rhapsody or back to the future part iii ; if your answer is yes , you're thinking of blazing saddles , but that movie was a parody of the western genre , not a nineteenth century romp . ) 1869 . jim west is a quick-draw lawman who teams up with brainiac federal agent gordon , under orders from president grant ( kline again , whose impression , for all we know , is dead-on ) , to apprehend legless loveless , the mad inventor who is plotting to divvy up the united states and sell it back to britain and spain . how will loveless accomplish this ? well , by hulking around the desert in an enormous , mechanical tarantula , of course . bosomy dance hall girl rita escobar ( hayek ) , whose scientist father was kidnapped by loveless , joins west and gordon on their gadget-filled train . ( gordon first discovers rita in a cage , waiting to be rescued . ) racial politics obviously prevented the filmmakers from pairing dull rita romantically with west , despite the movie's " hip " attitude toward the black thing . ( west automatically shoots anyone who calls him a " nigger " before that person can finish speaking the word . super . ) at any rate , i kept waiting for rita to say something humourous , but she's a walking dress-up toy . ( her single comic moment is also the best shot of the film : she bashfully reveals bare bumcheeks through the peek-a-boo flap of her pyjamas . ) jim west is the role that finally stymied will smith , whose comic timing has always been hit or miss , as episodes of " the fresh prince of bel-air " demonstrate . smith's a better reactor than actor , which is why he was so thoroughly engaging in men in black-he didn't start out a hero . in wild wild west he's required to exude eastwood cool and amuse at the same time ( and from frame one ) , a difficult feat i'm not sure any living performer could pull off . smith is ill equipped , for example , to handle the moment in which jim west performs stand-up for some rednecks at his own hanging . what attracted sonnenfeld to this material ? this isn't the first time he has adapted a tv show for the big screen ( the addams family , anyone ? ) , but it's the first big stinker of his career as a director . wild wild west is poorly-paced bombast , full of doa gags ( ted levine shows up as a general who uses a gramophone horn for a hearing aid ; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs-he's too intense to get an intentional laugh ) , lousy special effects ( the bluescreening is amateurish-foregrounds are never proportionate to the backgrounds ) , and frequent illogic . ( to wit , its ridiculous villain so badly wants jim west out of the way that he . . . drops him onto a steel platform to do battle with some generic , ugly henchmen , instead of shooting him at point blank rage with one of the many guns on board the tarantula . ) wild wild west's bright spots , such as the cool opening credits sequence , bai ling's all-too-brief appearance as a femme fatale , or the brilliant " his master's voice " joke , are all part of the film's first half , which is more clever and enjoyable , at least , than its second . when , towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west , gordon proposes the idea of building an airplane and west rejects it , there was a collective groan among audience members : it meant we were going to have to sit through another loud action sequence before gordon builds the glider , the invention of which would inevitably lead to the proverbial whiz-bang finale . 
susan granger's review of " the watcher " ( universal ) just what we need : another lurid , trashy serial killer saga . this time , keanu reeves plays an elusive homicidal maniac who engages in a gruesome ticking-clock cat-and-mouse game with james spader , a burnt-out fbi agent who has suffered a traumatic nervous breakdown after too many years on the job with the lapd . to taunt spader , who has relocated to chicago , reeves packs up his trusty piano wire and moves too . before long , he starts mailing photographs of the lonely , unsuspecting young women who are his intended windy city victims , challenging spader , along with the chicago police department , to stop him within 24 hours before he strikes again . in the midst of this murderous frenzy , there's spader's psychologist , played by marisa tomei , who is even less convincing as a medical professional than jennifer lopez in " the cell . " writers david elliot , clay ayers and darcy meyers , along with first-time director joe charbanic ( helmer of music videos for reeves' band dogstar ) , dwell on the warped thrill of the methodology and the chase , revealing , early on , exactly whodunit since the killer says he and the cop " need each other to give meaning to our lives . " plus , as reeves explains , " we're all stacked right on top of each other , but we don't notice each other any more . " after that , it's all sound effects and tricky camera-work , along with a muddled , discordant soundtrack . james spader's acting technique can be described as 'wooden deadpan' while keanu reeves maintains his perpetually monotone 'dude' persona which sometimes works , sometimes doesn't . chris ellis , as spader's self-important colleague , is the only cast member who manages to be convincing . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the watcher " is an appallingly awful , amateurish 2 . the real torture is watching it . 
it is movies like these that make a jaded movie viewer thankful for the invention of the timex indiglo watch . based on the late 1960's television show by the same name , the mod squad tells the tale of three reformed criminals under the employ of the police to go undercover . however , things go wrong as evidence gets stolen and they are immediately under suspicion . of course , the ads make it seem like so much more . quick cuts , cool music , claire dane's nice hair and cute outfits , car chases , stuff blowing up , and the like . sounds like a cool movie , does it not ? after the first fifteen minutes , it quickly becomes apparent that it is not . the mod squad is certainly a slick looking production , complete with nice hair and costumes , but that simply isn't enough . the film is best described as a cross between an hour-long cop show and a music video , both stretched out into the span of an hour and a half . and with it comes every single clich ? . it doesn't really matter that the film is based on a television show , as most of the plot elements have been recycled from everything we've already seen . the characters and acting is nothing spectacular , sometimes even bordering on wooden . claire danes and omar epps deliver their lines as if they are bored , which really transfers onto the audience . the only one to escape relatively unscathed is giovanni ribisi , who plays the resident crazy man , ultimately being the only thing worth watching . unfortunately , even he's not enough to save this convoluted mess , as all the characters don't do much apart from occupying screen time . with the young cast , cool clothes , nice hair , and hip soundtrack , it appears that the film is geared towards the teenage mindset . despite an american 'r' rating ( which the content does not justify ) , the film is way too juvenile for the older mindset . information on the characters is literally spoon-fed to the audience ( would it be that hard to show us instead of telling us ? ) , dialogue is poorly written , and the plot is extremely predictable . the way the film progresses , you likely won't even care if the heroes are in any jeopardy , because you'll know they aren't . basing the show on a 1960's television show that nobody remembers is of questionable wisdom , especially when one considers the target audience and the fact that the number of memorable films based on television shows can be counted on one hand ( even one that's missing a finger or two ) . the number of times that i checked my watch ( six ) is a clear indication that this film is not one of them . it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen-flicks that we've been seeing as of late . avoid this film at all costs . 
14 years ago , national lampoon introduced us to a new family - the griswolds . in 1983 , the griswolds embarked on a cross-country journey with the destination of wally world , a world-renowned theme park in california . we laughed our heads off as we shared the wild and crazy mishaps the family endured . two years later , we watched again as they went to europe , and four years after that , we shared christmas with them . now , eight more years have passed , and the laughs have done more than die . they've been cremated . vegas vacation brings back chevy chase as clark griswold , the good intentioned but ill-fated father of two . the premise is basically the same . clark has a wonderful idea to take his family on a bonding vacation , this time to las vegas . his wife ellen ( beverly d'angelo ) and teenage kids rusty and audrey ( always played by different actors - this time around , by ethan embry and marisol nichols , respectively ) join him and they soon find themselves in sin city where casinos will make the backdrop for ninety minutes of slapstick . of course a " vacation " movie wouldn't be complete without good ole eddie ( reprised by randy quaid ) , the misfit cousin , showing up at all the wrong times . there isn't too much of a plot here when it comes right down to it . it's really just a skit movie . there are a couple of ways to define a skit movie , which is not a real term as far as i know . the first would be a movie that basically has one running gag for two hours , therefore coming off like a two hour skit . the second would be a movie that seems comprised of about twenty shorter skits , each lasting about five minutes . vegas vacation comes off like the first . a good example of the latter would be last year's black sheep . the problem with this format is that it becomes old fast , and it doesn't really fit into a movie mold . in these cases , a " plot " , which is generally very thin , is used either as a shameless filler between scenes or to simply add convenience to the gags ( i . e . have a good vegas joke , make a vegas movie ) . such is the case with this movie's mini-plots . clark gets gambling fever and begins spending all of the griswold's money , ellen is on the verge of an affair with wayne newton ( ! ) , rusty has a fake id and is using it to his gambling advantage , and audrey is desperate for fun and winds up joining her cousin vickie ( shae d'lyn ) as an exotic dancer . the simple fact is : this movie isn't funny . at first , i did find myself chuckling heartily at a couple of little jokes , but when the movie got rolling , my interest suddenly stopped . chase plays clark griswold really well . he made the character and he is the character . d'angelo , to be quite honest , never was too impressive as ellen , and this movie doesn't show any signs of redemption . as for the two new griswold kids , the word " blah " comes to mind . the " vacation " series seems out to prove that anybody can play these two characters , the simple reason being that there is nothing to them . they're so generic , you'll expect the credits to read " girl #1 as audrey griswold " . vegas vacation differs from the first three in the series by more than just laugh factor . yes , it's true that vegas vacation isn't even close to being close to being as funny as the others , which were actually pretty fun in their own doofy ways , but there are a couple of other things that set this one negatively apart . first off , why did they leave off the national lampoon's heading on the title ? i couldn't find any reasons why , but maybe the fact is even national lampoon didn't want to be associated with such a lame film . that's saying a lot , especially when you look at what else the company has proudly presented : loaded weapon 1 , pcu , etc . if they expected this to be another hit , you would assume they'd be proud to tack on the notorious header , but for reasons only we can guess at , like the movie sucking , they didn't . there is another difference here that makes an obvious impact . the first three films in the " vacation " series were written by john hughes , a talented writer who is behind several popular films of the 80's including mr . mom , sixteen candles , the breakfast club , weird science , pretty in pink , ferris bueller's day off , planes , trains , and automobiles , and uncle buck . wowzers ! what a r ? sum ? ! looking at the names , you'd think this guy wrote everything that now stands as a movie icon for the 1980's . well that's not all . this guy also brought us 90's hits including the home alone series , the remake of 101 dalmatians , dennis the menace , and the current flubber . vegas vacation , however , didn't have john hughes behind it , and the loss is very obvious . this time around , the script is in the hands of elisa bell , whose only credits thus far include four made-for-tv movies . vegas vacation plays very much like one , and it would actually work much better as a made-for-tv sequel . if this sounds like a wild idea , it's not . revenge of the nerds third and fourth installments were both television movies , and they seemed like it . vegas vacation would fit in well on the fox network as a 2 : 00 a . m . sunday morning movie , but as a silver screen major motion picture , it's quite out of place . stephen kessler's jejune direction doesn't help things either . he only makes the film even more tv-movie-ish . each consecutive " vacation " movie has suffered a drop in directing power . we started the series off with harold ramis , who also directed caddyshack and groundhog day as well as co-writing ghostbusters . not too bad . then we had national lampoon's european vacation being directed by amy heckerling , who would go on to direct the hits look who's talking and clueless , as well as having already directed the infamous fast times at ridgemont high . lastly we had national lampoon's christmas vacation , directed by jeremiah s . chechik , who went on to direct the charming benny & joon . kessler , so far , has one title under his belt , the short film birch street gym , which received an oscar nomination in 1992 . granted that this was his first attempt at a feature length film , we can allow for some amateurish quality , but instead we get a movie straight from the text book - boring , bland , and deeply unoriginal . if you loved the " vacation " movies , and i know * some * of us did , there still isn't anything here worth seeing . if you loved them , don't ruin your good impressions of the series by indulging in this tragic example of cinema ala carte . if you never did like the series , why the need to confirm why ? 
these days , we are witnessing the deluge of films based on old , cult tv shows . most of the times , the fans of these shows shudder thinking what could hollywood hacks of the present do with the memories of their past . but , some five or six years ago , there weren't that many movies and the trend didn't look that depressing . so , the people who , like the author of this review , grew up watching flintstones , popular 1960s animated series about " modern stone age " family , weren't particularly worried when the word came about live action remake . after all , the producer behind the project was steven spielberg and , if anything else , at least the special effects would be good . the plot revolves about flintstones , family set in fictious stone age " town " of bedrock , whose members enjoy the lifestyle of 1950s middle class america . fred flinstone ( john goodman ) works in the quarry , and one day he helps his best friend and neighbour barney rubble ( rick moranis ) and his wife betty ( rosie o'donnell ) to adopt a baby . to return the favour , barney switches his results of aptitude test with fred , and , based on that , fred gets well-paid job in management . but , of course , this is just a sham - corrupt official cliff vandercave ( kyle maclachlan ) and his sultry secretary sharon stone ( halle berry ) need a scapegoat for their embezzlement scheme . in the meantime , fred's wife wilma ( elizabeth perkins ) must face her mother ( elizabeth taylor ) who can't stand fred . on the superficial level , the flintstones did the excellent job in bringing the animated series to life . computer effects are flawless , and the costumes , settings and other details are authentic for all the fans of the show . unfortunately , problems with this film start with inadequate casting - rick moranis is too thin for the role of barney , while the cartoon betty used to be much skinnier than rosie o'donnell . but the greatest problem of all is plot , or to be precise , the lack of plot . some thirty six screenwriters made sure that the plot of the film is lame , original characters one-dimensional , and many elements of the story , like embezzlement and inter-office politics , totally incomprehensible for the little children , the main targeted audience of this film . result is almost unwatchable mess , occasionally saved mostly by excellent acting ( elizabeth perkins was right on mark as wilma ) and one of the classic example of mortal hollywood disease known as " high concept " . after great hype , movie quickly sank into oblivion and the fans of the show returned to the animated version . all in all , film isn't that bad , but only the hard core fans and nostalgics can find more than guilty pleasure in it . 
" be gentle , " urges natasha henstridge to matthew perry in " the whole nine yards . " " i haven't made love in five years . " " neither have i , " rebuts perry . " i'm married ! " if jonathan lynn's latest comedy relied simply on jokes of that caliber--and it certainly tries--then it'd be an innocuous if rather obvious little film . instead , its failings go much deeper . first off , who hasn't had enough of the tough wiseguy intimidates the timid wise guy genre ? if you want to make a pretty penny or two in hollywood nowadays simply write a " comedy " which pairs a robert de niro/james caan/bruce willis type with a billy crystal/hugh grant/matthew perry type and wait for the royalties to roll in . who's next ? jack nicholson and martin short ? it certainly doesn't have to be funny . " the whole nine yards " is not a particularly funny film , but it is borderline offensive . offensive in the way it continues a trend of poking fun at career criminals who wouldn't think twice about pushing your mother-in-law off the brooklyn bridge with her feet encased in concrete . that might sound like a funny sight gag , but the problem is these films have long since lost sight of the fact that taking a human life isn't all that funny to begin with . when the corpse is placed in a car , doused with gasoline , set ablaze and referred to as " barbecue , " it makes you wonder when all this playing killing for laughs is going to end . " the whole nine yards " is also offensive in so much as its three central female characters are portrayed as nothing more than sex objects . rosanna arquette plays a slutty , chain-smoking french canadian who's married to matthew perry's none-too-successful dentist . it's an unflattering role made all the more so by the unflattering outfits--and unflattering situations--into which arquette is thrust . then there's natasha henstridge ( " species " i and ii ) who plays the well-to-do wife of contract killer bruce willis . she gets involved with perry's character when he comes to chicago hoping to negotiate a finder's fee with mob boss yanni gogolack ( kevin pollack , transposing his vs with his ws ) after willis' jimmy the tulip tudeski moves in next door . henstridge and perry's characters hitting it off is about as likely as bruce and demi getting back together . perry might have the charm but he doesn't have the physical attributes of a traditional leading man , especially in close-up . most objectified of the bunch is amanda peet , who turns in a sexually-ripe performance as perry's dental assistant with , it transpires , questionable career goals . peet's gratuitous nude scene proves how low this movie will stoop to keep its audience from dropping off . when " my cousin vinny " is the highpoint of a directorial career including such forgettable films as " clue , " " greedy , " and " sgt . bilko , " you have to wonder if lynn chose the wrong career path . perry's pratfalling goofiness coupled with willis' likable hardness could have had some potential but with no script to work with , and a director who seems to be watching from the wings , their characters run out of gas quickly . 
adam sandler turns up the charm in his latest romantic comedy , the wedding singer . unfortunately , that also has the effect of softening his edge . he's nowhere near his peak of happy gilmore , not that it was much of one . he's certainly not helped here by a rather frail plot . the year is 1985 , letting the whole film obsess with 80s nostalgia . adam sandler is nice guy robbie , the titular wedding singer , who entertains at the local reception hall by belting out his interpretations of classic 80s hits . robbie's life is thrown into turmoil when his fiancee , linda ( angela featherstone ) , leaves him at the altar . however , things are looking up when he meets julia ( drew barrymore ) , a waitress at the hall . she's the perfect woman , but for one small flaw : she's engaged to be married to a slick junk bond king , glenn ( matthew glave ) . so , most of the film deals with the slow realization by robbie that he and julia are in love , and his attempts to stop the wedding . as far as plots go , it's a pretty thin and tired one . to fill the gaps , the wedding singer delivers heaping spoonfuls of 1980s nostalgia . from boy george to michael jackson , from miami vice to dallas , from the first cds to the last rubik's cubes , this film revels in all the minutiae . and then there's the music . . . learning a lesson from the successful soundtracks to grosse pointe blank , and romy and michele's high school reunion , this film packs more 80s songs in the film than the running time will allow . as a result , most songs get maybe a lyric or a half , but you can almost see the bright gleam in the record executives' eyes : the wedding singer vols . 2 , 3 , and 4 ! while the nonstop 80s riffs get incredibly tiring , at least they distract you from the plot . at least last year's my best friend's wedding stirred up the standard " keep your true love from marrying someone else " plot by making the rival a nice person . here , glenn is such a lowly rat of a man that you never see what julia saw in him . barrymore , on the other hand , is simply charming as julia . which leaves us with adam sandler . he's at his best in the film when his nice guy persona fades a little ( such as when he has a breakdown on stage during a wedding reception ) . when he's in full nice-guy mode , he's more pathetic than endearing . the film boasts several cameos ( most notably by steve buscemi and jon lovitz ) . but none of them work well at all . buscemi's role as a drunken best man simply fails to be humorous . lovitz , on the other hand , as a rival wedding singer , makes you long for his good old days on saturday night live , where he was actually funny . the only cameo which has some appeal is a guest appearance by a classic 80s rocker during the film's finale ( surprisingly , one of the only plot-related scenes which actually works . ) adam sandler still has some work to do before he can become a dependable leading man . while he attempts to change his image in the wedding singer , the end result is no net gain . 
it rocks-actually , lots of rocks fly at us or from us , in slow or fast motion , at several points in the film . they seem like dangerous rocks because they kind of twirl through the air instead of just propelling forward , and when they land-once in a while , when we need a break from the space sequences-they cause damage enough to destroy the chrysler building and the like . ( nary a mention of these apocalyptic events is made after they occur . ) they also just might be the most interesting element of armageddon , a steroid user's answer to deep impact . bruce willis stars as harry stamper , a famed oil-driller commissioned by the white house and nasa to stop a giant asteroid before it travels beyond " zero barrier " and destroys our planet . why an oil driller ? they require someone experience with deep-core mining to plant a nuclear missile into said asteroid . ( in one unintentionally ( ? ) hilarious sequence , nasa asks harry to inspect a deep-core driller they built based on his blueprints ; it is poorly constructed-harry criticizes almost every aspect of it . we trust nasa to build space shuttles ? ) harry assembles the obligatory " ragtag " bunch of " cowboys " , including a blond guy , a fat guy , a black guy , a wiseass , and the man who is sleeping with his daughter ( affleck ) . once they reach space , we experience sequence after sequence of something going wrong-perhaps the fact that they sent a bunch of nincompoops into outer space has something to do with it ; i cannot count the number of times they almost fail the mission on all my fingers and toes . whether or not they save the day , i will not reveal . nor will you care . i will say this : you know you're in trouble when deep impact dwarfs your asteroid movie in terms of emotion and scope . willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck . their big scenes are mostly reserved for the third act , in a last minute-and futile-attempt to inject warmth into the material . steve buscemi's character-the wiseass-is exceptionally problematic . " rockhound " , as he's called , is sarcastic and foolish , so they tape him to a chair , where he spends most of the film . so why did they bring him up there to begin with ? rather , why write him into the film ? -give his almost-witty one-liners to serious willis , who scowls and mopes and demonstrates psychotic tendencies : at one point he chases after affleck with his shotgun for screwing his daughter , firing often and causing significant damage to his oil rig . i'm guessing he qualifies under nasa guidelines as someone unfit for space travel , at least in my world where the sky is blue . liv tyler is pretty and humourless , as always ; suspiciously , four of her father's band's ( " aerosmith " ) songs grace the soundtrack . director michael bay lays the visual and sound effects on thick , like ketchup , eventually drowning the movie on-screen . ( the middle hour is a non-sensical , pyrotechnic assault on the average primate's brain . ) whenever someone dies in this movie , a crew member inevitably yells out " we lost ( insert dead person's last name here ) ! " i must admit that not once could i distinguish a dead oil-guy-cum-astronaut from a live one , and close-ups of the corpses' faces beneath cracked helmets provided little assistance , as their skin was often covered in fake blood . armageddon is not as terrible movie as godzilla . it looks nicer , and has fewer plot-holes within its equally ludicrous framework . it has a vivid soundmix . but at almost two-and-a-half hours , i could not believe how little actually happened over the course of the story . the love story has been played up in the ads , perhaps hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic-fever . bollocks ! the lovers in the film are miles apart throughout-erase all thoughts of nude sketching or car-sex and replace them with obligatory shots of liv tyler tearing up while ben affleck dicks around in a moon-crawler . remember a little film called jaws ? in this film , three independent-minded men suddenly found themselves on a fishing boat in pursuit of a deadly shark . they didn't much like each other at first ; eventually , they started to respect one another . one of jaws' great scenes involved the would-be-ahabs drinking and singing songs and telling stories . this is the sort of male-bonding foreign to bay or his producer , jerry bruckheimer , who throw too many characters into the mix and expect we'll care about them on the grounds that the world is about to end . not once do we get the feeling that these characters are even acquaintances-i'd be surprised if these actors bothered to introduce themselves to one another before " action " was called . a male friend who loved the film suggested to me that perhaps i cannot relate to a bunch of men who don't bare their souls , who believe in dying macho concepts like heroism and a kind of chest-beating bravery . to this , i will respond that the boys in armageddon are neither heroic , nor brave , nor smart , even : this team couldn't build a birdhouse . and if i get no respect for disliking a movie with all the synthetic feeling of a trailer-a trailer for a movie written by a team of body-builders and greeting card authors-i've never been a prouder wimp my whole life . 
renowned hong kong action director tsui hark first teamed with jean-claude van damme on the action star's 1997 pairing with dennis rodman , _double_team_ , and managed to make what initially appeared to be a disaster into a slick , stylish , and somewhat diverting action timekiller . tsui continues to energetically pile on the visual razzle dazzle in his latest collaboration with the muscles from brussels , _knock_off_ , but this time around , style neither save a script that is at best ridiculous , and at worst incomprehensible ; nor hide a host of truly lousy performances . writer steven e . desouza's fairly straightforward plotline isn't as outre as _double_team_'s strange yarn involving a secret think tank/prison , but it makes about as much sense , which is little . van damme plays marcus ray , a hong kong-based sales rep for a jeans company ( ! ) who stumbles upon a russian terrorist scheme to implant powerful microchip-sized bombs in hk product exports to the u . s . --dolls , electronic equipment , and , yes , jeans . it's all part of some type of ransom scheme , but all i remember is--and i kid you not--graphics on a cia computer screen showing a map of the world , bombs detonating , and an hat-wearing figure on the other side of the world bursting out into laughter . . . . . . which is what the crowd at the showing i attended spontaneously did throughout _knock_off_ . while all of van damme's films have its share of unintentional laughs , mostly due to the stiff acting " skills " of the physically agile van damme , _knock_off_ delivers more than usual ( though not as many as van damme's embarrassing directorial effort , 1996's _the_quest_ ) . a lot of the laughs are earned by some particularly painful lines by desouza : " i smoked that badass like a roman candle ! " and " entrepreneurship , babycakes ! " standing out among my favorites . but it is indeed the pathetic performances that provide the bulk of _knock_off_'s laughs . van damme is true to laughable form , perhaps even worse than usual . early scenes actually _require_ him to make funny with co-star rob schneider ( improbably cast as a deep cover cia agent posing as marcus's business partner ) , and the sight and sound of the still-heavily-accented van damme haplessly trying to drop punchlines is hilarious in the wrong way . even typically good actors are not immune to the bad acting bug . paul sorvino is unconvincing and terribly overwrought as schneider's cia superior ; and lela rochon , playing an investigator for the jeans company , spends the entire movie in perpetual snarl mode . in rochon's defense , though , her role requires her to do little more than display her toned legs , exquisite bone structure , and perky bosoms , the latter coming in handy for one key scene where she must fish for microbombs stuck in her ample cleavage . tsui picks up where he left off visually in _double_team_ , juicing up the proceedings with inventive camera work . here , though , tsui's visual razzle dazzle borders on over kill , coming off as desperate attempts to shield the inanity of the entire enterprise . for each nifty trick tsui pulls off , such as a recurring visual theme that has the camera literally going through the circuitry of electronic devices , there are others that are completely superfluous . this is especially disconcerting when the trick in question could be clever when used in the right context . for instance , one scene early on has marcus putting his hand in a box . as he puts his hand in , the same action is shown from an overhead camera angle in a rectangle at the corner of the screen . it's undoubtedly an interesting visual , but it would have been nice if its use actually amounted to something . the test of a van damme movie boils down to the action sequences , but surprisingly , those in _knock_off_ leave much to be desired . tsui does what he can to make something of them , employing freeze frames , blurred motion , and unconventional camera angles , but there is nothing fundamentally special about the fairly generic chase and fight sequences written by desouza . there isn't anything as preposterously amusing as the climactic tiger/land mine fight in _double_team_ , let alone anything remotely close to tsui's legendary hong kong works ( but that's a given going in ) . if tsui has any hope of approaching his countryman john woo's stateside success , he would do best to break free from van damme . . . before it's too late . if he continues his involvement with b-grade movies such as _knock_off_ , the respect he has from hk action fans will continue to diminish . . . that is , if it hasn't already disappeared entirely after this fiasco . 
plot : a rich guy who doesn't believe in love , orders a mail-order bride for himself . that very evening , the couple is married and fall madly in love soon thereafter . but what's this ? one of them might not be the person they are pretending to be ? wow . . . a sin , indeed . critique : easily one of the worst movies that i've seen all year . too long , too boring , too predictable and too ridiculous for anyone interested in watching a good movie . what the hell were they thinking when they made this thing ? ( it's no wonder that the film has been sitting on the racks for about a year ) this felt like a really bad tv movie of the week , with some nudity stuffed in from time to time , just to wake up the audience . have you ever switched channels and fallen upon one of those ridiculously melodramatic tv movies , one that you just couldn't help but switch back to from time to time , just to make sure that it wasn't part of some sick joke ? well , this movie is exactly like that , only it isn't a joke , it isn't on tv and you are asked to pay money to see it ! ! i say again . . . what the shite were they thinking ? okay , so where do i start ? first of all , the trailer of this film gives away the movie's main plot twist , the betrayal . so for the first half hour of the film , you're basically just sitting there , watching these two " lovers " go through the motions until the " betrayal " occurs . whoopee , big surprise . second of all , angelina jolie is horribly miscast in this part . why ? well , it's like this : not for one second do you ever believe that she is not a nasty backstabbing woman ! i mean , it's like all of those people who complained about jack nicholson being psycho from the start of the shining , well , the same goes here . every look in jolie's eyes screams " psycho " ! then of course , you have the case of the " patsy " husband , a man who just can't seem to figure out anything in time . i mean . . . how boring is that for the audience ? you're watching this guy screw up time after time after time , and somehow , we're supposed to feel sorry or care about this dude . no , thanks ! and if we don't care about him , and we really don't care about her ( she's a beeyatch and as confused as we are about her actual motivations in the film ) , who the hell are we supposed to care about in this film ? well , i'll tell you . the only thing that i was worrying about the whole way through this picture was whether or not i'd actually fall asleep before the end credits rolled . no suspense , no chemistry between the leads , no real love or passion , no sense of surprise , plenty of plot holes for everyone and an extra moronic ending . so why am i even giving this film a rating of three points ? well , it's actually pretty simple . i liked the locations in the movie and the groovy score , but my primary reason for slipping three notches onto this bedpost is for the gratuitous shots of jolie's boobies ( that's two points right there ! ) and another one for antonio's ass ( hairless , just for the record ) . everything else in this movie was pointless , boring and just plain stupid . try imagining a soft-porn movie . . . but without the plot ! that's pretty much what you've got here . a low point in the careers of both stars . oops , i almost forgot to mention the crappy dialogue . . . god oh mighty . . . make it stop ! ! where's joblo coming from ? american psycho ( 9/10 ) - cruel intentions ( 8/10 ) - eyes wide shut ( 6/10 ) - fatal attraction ( 8/10 ) - playing by heart ( 7/10 ) - under suspicion ( 7/10 ) - what lies beneath ( 8/10 ) - what women want ( 4/10 ) - whipped ( 7/10 ) 
frank detorri's ( bill murray ) a single dad who lives on beer and junk food with no apparent understanding of sanitation or hygiene , much to the dismay of his preteen daughter shane ( elena franklin ) . when he uses the '10 second rule' to retrieve a hard boiled egg from a chimp's cage at the zoo and downs it , he introduces a lethal bacteria into his system . inside his skin , the city of frank is in turmoil thanks to the vote-pandering of mayor phlegmming ( voice of william shatner ) , so it's up to one frank pd white blood cell ( voice of chris rock ) to save the day in peter and bobby farrelly's " osmosis jones . " the city of frank is a brightly animated ( animation directed by piet kroon and tom sito ) cellular municipality where osmosis jones is a typical rogue cop looking for another chance . he's inadvertently teamed up with drix ( voice of david hyde pierce , tv's " frasier " ) , a cold capsule with 12 hours worth of painkillers to dispense . this quarrelling duo are about to go on a " fantastic voyage " in order to hunt down thrax ( voice of laurence fishburne ) , the virus intent on shutting down frank . while the animation is certainly colorful to look at , osmosis jones' story is a hackneyed one . the story cries out for puny puns , but we only get occasional sprinklings of wit or bodily humor ( drix graduated phi beta capsule , he departs on a bus headed for bladder ) . neither the hero or villain is particularly interesting ( thrax looks like an animated " predator " ) , although hyde pierce is a delightful sidekick . adults can desperately keep their eyes peeled for small amusements the animators dot along the landscape . meanwhile , back in live action land , bill murray is reduced to nothing more than a walking gross-out joke . there's no particular enjoyment to be found watching him vomit on molly shannon ( she plays shane's teacher , mrs . boyd ) or hoisting his ingrown toenail onto a restaurant table . one must wonder how the climatic flatlining of a child's father will play to the family audience as well . rest assured , the whole enchilada is wrapped up with a fart joke . while far less offensive than the farrelly's last effort " me , myself and irene , " that film at least spiked some comic highs with jim carrey's hijinx . " osmosis jones " will probably be ok for the kids , but the farrellys playing for the family audience is like watching marilyn manson croon a phil collins tune . 
woody allen is one of the most successful artist-directors in hollywood , but he is becoming less and less reliable as a filmmaker . in his early years of film-making he mastered the simple comedy . from there he went into a second phase and took risks experimenting with different approaches and styles . some of these work better than others . zelig and crimes and misdemeanors are the work of a creative and intelligent artist . deconstructing harry goes to the other extreme and is a bizarre experiment demanding more of the viewer than it gives back . harry block ( allen ) has in his life only two drives . he wants to have sex with as many women as possible and when he makes a mess of his life and those of his lovers he wants to retreat into his writing . the story of this static and highly unsympathetic character is told with a number of often clumsy stylistic experiments . perhaps the most irritating device is to express the disjointedness of harry's life by editing harry's scenes putting in cuts in the middle as if to show missing time with something edited out . as a writer , harry puts his friends into his books in the thinnest of disguises . the film dramatizes incidents from these supposed books and cuts between his real story line and fragments from harry's books with different actors playing the real and fictional people in harry's life . these fragments are frustrating in their lack of completion , but even more frustrating is the bringing of the characters out of the fragments into scenes with the real characters . it is up to the viewer to keep track not just who is fictional and who is real but also to keep straight who is the fictional doppelganger of which real person . if that sounds complicated , it is . then as another device in one of the stories , an actor seems to have the peculiar property that he has gone out of focus and can only be seen in blurry image . harry sees this as a metaphor for his own condition and himself goes blurry for a short time . as if these touches did not create sufficient confusion , the story is told out of chronological order . if allen were giving the audience a story that was worth decoding , any and all of these stylistic touches could be excusable . but allen puts the audience through all of this to give us a portrait of harry block who is a selfish manipulator who is not worth the effort to understand . deconstructing harry is set at a time when harry's old college , the one that expelled him when he attended it , wants now to honor him for a lifetime of writing achievement . harry is searching among his friends to find one who will go with him . just why someone who is so unwilling to commit to a relationship with anyone suddenly needs the support of someone else is unclear . harry tries his current girl friend fay ( elizabeth shue ) only to find that she is about to marry harry's old friend larry ( billy crystal ) . block would like his son hilly ( eric lloyd ) to accompany him , but hilly's mother , previously first harry's psychiatrist and more recently his wife , refuses to let her son see his father . another friend richard ( bob balaban ) would go but has health problems . harry also considers bringing a prostitute cookie ( hazel goodman ) . it is interesting that allen should introduce another likable prostitute so soon after mighty aphrodite , but cookie is considerably different--black and a lot brighter than mira sorvino's character in the previous film . while the comedy sequences are never complete , a few are elaborate and some quite funny . the centerpiece of the film is a journey into hell with allen playing a sort of orpheus rescuing fay from the clutches of the devil , who looks a lot like larry . that story also is left uncompleted , perhaps to show harry's unwillingness to commit even to telling a story . the linchpin that was needed to tie together the stylistic quirks of this film was a central character who changes and who gives us something about which to care . that character is patently not the one allen creates in harry block and not the characters around harry as seen through his acerbic eyes . allen can do much better than deconstructing harry . i rate it a 3 on the 0 to 10 scale and a -1 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
capsule : the much anticipated re-adaptation of the pierre boulle novel comes to the screen as a dark and a little dreary film with lots of chases and fighting , but very little intelligence . visually there is much to like about this version , but the approach is to take an adventure after the style of gulliver's travels and treat it as an action film . that makes it a film without much center . , 0 ( -4 to +4 ) pierre boulle , author of the bridge on the river kwai , wrote planet of the apes ( a . k . a . monkey planet ) , the novel , as a social satire . it reads a lot like a fifth book of gulliver's travels . humans discover a planet in which the roles of apes and humans have been reversed , not unlike the roles of horses and humans on jonathan swift's island of the houyhnhnms . the novel moves somewhat slowly to create some suspense in revealing all the things most film fans know to be true about the nature of the planet . it seems to me there is also a statement about human cruelty to animals , but perhaps i was just looking for that . when rod serling adapted the novel into a film released in 1968 , he added a number of serling touches , familiar from episodes of the twilight zone and changed the ending to make it more serling-ish . the final irony of the original version has become film history . without it there could never have been a " planet of the apes " film series . i can surmise only that serling ran into serious script problems in how to handle the tricky question of language . in the book the apes had their own language and the human eventually learned that language . that could have been done in the film , but that would have required the entire film to be subtitled for the non-ape-speaking . serling avoided this by having the apes speak english and , of course , there is some justification for that by the end of the film . justifying why the apes spoke english may have even been the inspiration for his surprise ending . but serling never tackles the all-important question of why a supposedly intelligent human never shows any curiosity or even surprise that the apes speak his own language , a language they had no opportunity to ever hear . few viewers questioned this serious plot hole , however , and the film has become well respected in cinema history . partial credit at least should go to jerry goldsmith whose extremely inventive score is one of goldsmith's best if not his best . when the film's success called for sequels , the filmmakers turned up the violence and they added well-intentioned , though not very subtle , political messages about what was happening in the united states of the 1960s and 1970s . while the first film had a little shooting of guns and what was there seemed a little half- hearted , by the second film , beneath the planet of the apes , there was a good deal more violence and from that point on the series had a lot of violence and chases . the series concluded with battle for the planet of the apes in 1973 . now director tim burton tries his hand at adapting the original book again . for those who thought that the 1968 version was not very faithful to the book , burton's new version is even less faithful . first , he does not really reverse the roles of the humans and the apes . he has them both be intelligent , articulate races battling for a dominance of the planet currently in the hands , uh , make that paws , of the apes . that could be a good story too , but it is not planet of the apes . as with the mission impossible films and so many other cinematic homages to the third quarter of the last century , the title makes promises that the filmmakers have no intention of honoring . in 2029 leo davidson ( mark wahlberg , not this world's most expressive actor ) works on a space station increasing the intelligence and usefulness of apes . then a convenient time storm sweeps him up wizard-of-oz-fashion and drops him on an alien planet . ( yes , he survives this storm , but then no storm is perfect . ) he quickly finds , not greatly to any surprise he shows , that on this planet apes rule and humans drool , but everybody talks . and the language they talk is earth- english . apparently it does not even occur to leo that there is a mystery that needs to be explained about that . the fact it does not occur to leo and apparently didn't occur to tim burton either is the heart of the real horror of this film . both just assumed that if apes were going to talk the language they would speak would be english . in any case having one talking race dominating another makes this not a look at human-animal relationships and more one of the master-slave relationships . outside of sudan and a few other countries this is a less relevant topic . leo is captured to be used as a slave but also is discovered by ari , played by helena bonham carter . ari is an attractive ape with close ties to high political power . she is bent on making the world a better place . perhaps in a previous draft of the script she was called hil-ari . in any case with makeup that stifles her usual pout , carter is just about as attractive as she has ever been in a film . she may want to consider this to become her standard look from this point forward . it is not long before leo escapes with some human and only a couple of sympathetic apes . this is a further abandonment of the source material . the chase severely limits the interplay of ape and human and the examination of each's place in this reversed society , each important in the book . we cannot see how the society works because most of the screentime society has broken down . we see the humans either separated from the apes or fighting them . burton chooses visceral thrills over cerebral ones at almost every turn . this is a miscalculation , as characters so lacking in empathy value are difficult ones to place much emotional investment in . they are basically chess pieces and the viewer has little reason to root for them to win . the 1968 script had little subtlety , with lines like " i never met an ape i didn't like , " but at least we cared for what happened to taylor , the main character . most of what this film has to offer is in the visuals . the visual work is spotty but generally nicely done except that so much of the film takes place in the night or in fog . this tends to limit close looks at the makeup . in general it seems much improved from 1968 . the makeup team is led by rick baker instead of john chambers , who did it for the 1968 version . in 1968 chambers makeup was a jaw-dropper . it was realistic enough to almost be believable but flexible enough to show emotion . chambers is good , but if anyone had a chance to best him it would have to be baker . today audiences have higher expectations ; baker's visualization is really an improvement . these visuals work nicely . what does not work is the wire- assisted leaps some of the apes make . they look like they were inspired by the physics- defying leaps of crouching tiger , hidden dragon . apes spring incredible distances . some of the best scenes are apes running into battle looking like they have ape posture , but when they start flying through the air the effect is lost . one final visual problem is that the film frequently shows its budget in what should be spectacular battle scenes the camera shows us only a small group of people close-up . since the days of lon chaney and boris karloff few actors have crossed over to stardom in a role that required heavy make-up . the one actor who has a shot is paul giamatti . it is not that his lines are so good , most are silly jokes . but he delivers them very well . he was always a watchable actor , but has not yet made stardom . as the ape-trader limbo he over-emotes to overcome his ape make-up , but does it very well . in doing so he makes himself the most interesting thing on the screen . he is probably the best thing in the film and conjures up memories of peter ustinov's performance in spartacus . as an in-joke there are several lines in the script borrowed from the 1968 film and an old ape played by charleton heston becomes an allusion to the first film by itself . danny elfman's score has a nice primitive feel , but jerry goldsmith's 1968 tour de force score is a real classic . that score and the whole film will be remembered when the 2001 film is forgotten . i rate the remake 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . 
as forgetful as some people may be it is doubtful that anyone could forget their wedding , especially three times . but , alas professor brainard somehow manages to accomplish this feat twice before the momentous night that he actually creates flubber . it's amazing that he is able to remember any of the processes he uses to make anything . the whole point here is how could a man be so blatantly forgetful . this is not absent minded this is almost mindless and he is a professor . well , this is the case for about the first half of the movie then things begin to settle into what might truly be considered absent minded . along the way to becoming absent minded from absent of mind the professor stumbles onto flubber . thankfully or there would be no movie or any amusement for the audience . the flubber is supposed to be flying rubber , but it seems to have a life of its own . this is there strictly for the kids . the properties of the flubber provide some antics for the audience when flubber coated golfballs and bowling balls assail two would be thugs . although amusing this is not original what so ever and brings back haunting memories of home alone . the poor professor has to save the university where he teaches at , get his fiancee back , finally stop the plotting of an evil millionaire , and do all this in the funniest way possible . admittedly there are funny moments but the movie is rather shallow and does not compare very well to the original ( the absent minded professor ) . the whole scene with the basketball game was just atrocious and totally unbelievable . the basketball players , stereotypically unqualified for the sport , somehow manage to bounce , fly and dribble their way back to being close to winning ? this just sounds too bad to be true , the least that could have been done was keep semi close to the original movie to give this film a chance . as for innovations and new ideas there is but two good ones in this movie . giving life to the flubber , which is so poorly executed that it's best forgotten , and prof . brainard's flying robot weebo . giving life to the flubber would have worked beautifully if it wasn't for scenes of the sort where you have the flubber dancing around on tables and books for no real reason other than to put in a bit of music and extend the length of the movie . the life of the flubber had brief and rather whimsical moments where it might have been used well , but it wasn't and in the end might have done the movie more harm than good . now , weebo is a totally different story . it's a robot that prof . brainard created but forgot how and gave something of a life too . this is a really original idea , well maybe not , but it is an idea that is well executed and in the end makes the poor robot the most developed and real character in the movie . yes folks the little yellow robot has more emotion and character than the characters . the film lacks the emotional punch to pull the audience in at all . the acting by robin williams ( prof . brainard ) seems to be half hearted for most of the movie and in many cases quite forced . most of the acting in the movie was so convincing as to fool only the part of the audience that had not quite yet reached the age to 12 . people when stood up at the altar , don't usually give third chances . or for that matter talk to the fiancee afterwards , but what can be expected this is a children's movie . flubber , as a movie does little original and is nothing special in any respect . with the best character in the movie being something of a prop i doubt that many people will find it all that great . it does have its amusing moments and it is a good story in the end , but it does not wash up to the original . kids should find this movie amusing and fun and they'll probably enjoy the whole movie . as a movie it's just a kids movie and not the best of ones at that . 
have you ever been in an automobile accident where you've miraculously walked away with only a few scratches , yet the car has been obliterated into an unrecognizable , mangled wreck ? well , that has never actually happened to me and i hope that none of us will ever experience this situation . but after watching this inane exercise of a movie , i certainly feel that i've miraculously walked away unscathed after a two-hour ride that mercilessly careens back and forth before finally plummeting into an icy pond . oddly , `eye of the beholder , ' which is a psychological-romance-thriller , starts off promisingly enough when the opening sequence introduces us to a british intelligence agent , called the eye ( ewan mcgregor ) , working in washington dc . in the humorous opening scene , he eyes a top lawyer across the street in his office with his pants down . using an array of high-tech surveillance and communications equipment , he proceeds to transmit pictures of the bared lawyer to pc screens and fax machines in his office . the law firm's employees get a good chuckle . the audience gets a good chuckle . the eye is later given an assignment where he encounters a beautiful woman ( ashley judd ) . there is something compelling about this mysterious woman . despite her glamorous looks , however , we learn that she is a psychopath with a propensity to kill men that get too close to her . after the murders , she sobs while singing the christmas tune `little bluebirds' and laments about being abandoned by her father long ago . after each killing , she puts on a different wig , assumes a new name , and then makes her way to another state . the eye has witnessed all her murderous transgressions . but he does not alert the authorities . he somehow empathizes with her sense of loss . the eye , it turns out , also is haunted by his past . his daughter was taken away from him and he anguishes this loss every day of his life . his tormented psyche creates a ghost-like image of his daughter with which he engages in conversation . she becomes a sort of spectral adviser , and one thing that the ghostly daughter says is that he must help the woman . he now diverts his energies into trying to help her find some kind of salvation . it doesn't matter that he has witnessed all of her murders . and it doesn't matter that the eye is abnormally reticent , hiding his entire life behind computer screens . he follows her to a dozen different locales and shadows her every move to keep her out of trouble . when a crazed druggie ( jason priestley ) attacks her , he shows up for some quick butt kicking . when the police are closing in to arrest her , he provides a distraction so that she can escape . all the while , the woman has no idea who her guardian angel is and the eye stays just out of sight . peculiar . how bad is this movie ? i refer you to my `review quote source' litmus test . just take a look at the full-page ad in the newspaper and see where they are pulling quotes . for this movie , they are from magazines called `flaunt' and `mirabella . ' no doubt , they were impressed with judd's series of catwalks and disguise changes . the major problem with `eye of the beholder' is that the film jerks forward , always unsure of its ultimate destination . if it was a thriller , there was little to keep us entranced . if it was a love story , there was absolutely no emotional pull . completely disjointed in structure , it's only saving grace was its stylish look which reminded me of my favorite car commercial ( the one where the `6' on the tachometer dissolves into a winding road and a passenger rail car dissolves into a small miniature on a child's train set ) . i am also still hopeful that ashley judd will find a serious role to showcase her potential talents . beyond that , the film is hopelessly out-of-control and is in need of seriously better traction and handling . 
arnold schwarzenegger has been an icon for action enthusiasts , since the late 80's , but lately his films have been very sloppy and the one-liners are getting worse . it's hard seeing arnold as mr . freeze in batman and robin , especially when he says tons of ice jokes , but hey he got 15 million , what's it matter to him ? once again arnold has signed to do another expensive blockbuster , that can't compare with the likes of the terminator series , true lies and even eraser . in this so called dark thriller , the devil ( gabriel byrne ) has come upon earth , to impregnate a woman ( robin tunney ) which happens every 1000 years , and basically destroy the world , but apparently god has chosen one man , and that one man is jericho cane ( arnold himself ) . with the help of a trusty sidekick ( kevin pollack ) , they will stop at nothing to let the devil take over the world ! parts of this are actually so absurd , that they would fit right in with dogma . yes , the film is that weak , but it's better than the other blockbuster right now ( sleepy hollow ) , but it makes the world is not enough look like a 4 star film . anyway , this definitely doesn't seem like an arnold movie . it just wasn't the type of film you can see him doing . sure he gave us a few chuckles with his well known one-liners , but he seemed confused as to where his character and the film was going . it's understandable , especially when the ending had to be changed according to some sources . aside form that , he still walked through it , much like he has in the past few films . i'm sorry to say this arnold but maybe these are the end of your action days . speaking of action , where was it in this film ? there was hardly any explosions or fights . the devil made a few places explode , but arnold wasn't kicking some devil butt . the ending was changed to make it more spiritual , which undoubtedly ruined the film . i was at least hoping for a cool ending if nothing else occurred , but once again i was let down . i also don't know why the film took so long and cost so much . there was really no super affects at all , unless you consider an invisible devil , who was in it for 5 minutes tops , worth the overpriced budget . the budget should have gone into a better script , where at least audiences could be somewhat entertained instead of facing boredom . it's pitiful to see how scripts like these get bought and made into a movie . do they even read these things anymore ? it sure doesn't seem like it . thankfully gabriel's performance gave some light to this poor film . when he walks down the street searching for robin tunney , you can't help but feel that he looked like a devil . the guy is creepy looking anyway ! when it's all over , you're just glad it's the end of the movie . don't bother to see this , if you're expecting a solid action flick , because it's neither solid nor does it have action . it's just another movie that we are suckered in to seeing , due to a strategic marketing campaign . save your money and see the world is not enough for an entertaining experience . 
the camera zooms in incredibly close . it focuses on the closed eyes of a person presumed dead . all of a sudden , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , his eyelids open . the camera zooms in incredibly close . it focuses on one of the characters desperately running for her life . then , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , she bumps into the killer . the camera zooms in incredibly close . it focuses on a door from where seemingly strange sounds emanate . all of a sudden , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , the doors swing open to reveal what's inside . close-up thrill-shots such as these seemed to elicit more laughter from the audience rather than genuine fear , which is a pretty good sign that you're not watching the thriller that the director had originally envisioned . rather , you adopt the opinion that the characters are so goofy and so unaware of the trouble that they're in , that you stop caring about who lives , who dies and where the story goes . instead , you become more interested in how the characters get killed off . the four young teenagers who are the potential sacrificial lambs for this movie are helen and barry and julie and ray - two couples and dear friends to one another . during the summer just after high school graduation , they take a fateful drive down a dark mountain highway . suddenly , without warning , their car hits someone whom the teens presume was killed as a result of that collision . fearing jail time and possible manslaughter charges if they confess , they instead decide to dump the body into the ocean and make a pact never to discuss the episode again . a year goes by and things among the four friends begin to change . relationships fizzle , future dreams crumble , and attitudes change . but , they can not forget what they did . and apparently , neither can someone else . someone begins to send letters to all four of the teens with the frightening message : " i know what you did last summer . " the letter-writer ( a figure in a rubber slicker wielding a large metal hook ) soon makes his presence known and begins to hunt down the four teens . it's now up to the four of them to try to figure out who the killer is before it's too late . while this movie has some nice visually eerie effects , too much of it's impact had to be generated with extreme close-ups , while the level of suspense was choppy at best . there is so much more that this movie could have been , but decided to give us nothing but cheap thrills . it could have been a clever whodunit , but discovering who ultimately was the killer made me just shrug my shoulders . it could have explored the changed friendships after a year of adulthood , but seemed to only include that aspect to add 15 more minutes to the film . it could have given us smarter characters who knew that anytime you're alone and you see shadowy figures moving about , you don't walk towards them yelling " hello " . once you yell " hello " , you can expect an extreme close-up , a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse . it's difficult to be in suspense when you know what's about to happen . the only redeeming aspect of the movie is that i now have a neat idea for a halloween costume , but i'm not sure if the local costume store sells rubber slickers and hooks . the horror that i experienced from this film is realizing that i actually went to see it . 
breakdown is an moderately entertaining , if underwhelming , thriller . kurt russell and kathleen quinlan play couple jeff and amy taylor , taking the scenic route to california through redneck country . however , while in the middle of nowhere , their jeep decides to break down , leaving them stranded . a friendly truck driver , warren ( walsh ) , offers to give them a lift to town . although jeff rejects the offer ( he wants to stay with his car ) , amy agrees , hops into warren's lorry , and promptly disappears . jeff wonders where the hell she is , and when he later catches up with warren and warren says he has never seen amy in his life , the plot thickens and jeff goes on a chase to find his wife . although comparisons can be made with this film to deliverance ( 1972 ) and the vanishing ( 1993 ) plot wise , the latter two are far superior character and script wise . kurt russell is o . k as jeff , although he can seemingly only pull of one expression , which is angry . throughout the whole film , he looks angry ( or just pissed off . ) quinlan is o . k again , but again she can only pull off one expression , which is looking dorky . throughout the whole film , she looks dorky . j . t walsh ( who , sadly , recently passed away ) is fine as warren ( who we soon find out is a kidnapper ) although his actual character is pretty weak , and not really menacing enough . the supporting cast do their best aswell , with rex linn as a doubting sheriff , and the other kidnappers . the story , written by first-timer jonathan mostow ( who also directs ) is o . k , if surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid . some of the things the characters do in this movie is beyond the bounds of idiocy . there are some flaws with the plot also , as the characters do the complete opposite to logical ( presumably to keep the story 'exciting' ) and also the fact that the story just isn't strong enough to sustain the audience's attention . the picture moves along very slowly also . it almost threatens to drop dead . the picture does pick up towards the end , but by then it's too late . mostow directs the action sequences well enough , however . the film doesn't really come to a satisfying conclusion , either . the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying . breakdown could of been a far more enjoyable picture had it had a stronger cast and director . instead , it just turns out to be merely average . a missed opportunity . overall rating= review by david wilcock 
synopsis : big-breasted and dim-witted sculptress britt gets really mad at her grad student boyfriend because he spends too much time on his thought-transference experiments instead of her art showings . elderly , evil scientist everett longstreet switches minds with britt's boy , in the meantime , and goes completely mental . comments : naked souls opens with a naked woman , and the movie makes no illusion that it's a sci-fi vehicle designed to show pamela anderson's , um , talents . if you are really interested in seeing anderson's talents , however , i suggest you skip over this dud and watch the infamous pam and tommy lee honeymoon sex tape , now available on home video . at least with that " movie , " you don't have to go through the painful experience of watching pamela try to pronounce multiple syllable words like " eclectic . " a premise does exist in the movie . basically , while anderson wears skimpy clothes which barely contain her talents , she practices her art -- brilliantly slapping plaster of paris on naked women . her boyfriend , meanwhile , spends 20 hours a day in a morgue trying to view the memories of dead prison inmates because this will " make a difference to humanity . " whatever . the movie fails to explain how these two hooked up . be grateful . after we meet the evil everett longstreet , lots of technobabble and mystical mumbo-jumbo get tossed about , pammy has sex replete with cheesy make-out music , and minds get transferred . never fear , though , pammy uses her sharp mental abilities ( ahem ) to save her boyfriend in the end . unfortunately , no one saves the movie . avoid this would-be sci-fi thriller , unless you're in for a good laugh or two . 
you always have to be careful with the first official studio release out of the gate each year . they're obviously films for which the studios have no great hopes ( having missed both the deadline for academy award eligibility and the big box-office holiday season ) . combine that with howie long's first starring action role , and you've got a doozy of a movie that , while not as bad as it could have been , isn't a very good film . howie stars as an ace smokejumper ( a firefighter who parachutes into forest fires unreachable from the ground ) . in the slightly contrived opening scenes , we witness his heroism in action , as he , and his mentor ( played by scott glenn ) attempt to rescue a small girl and her dog from an oncoming forest fire . william forsythe plays the bad guy , a mass murderer who has several million dollars tucked away to help fund his jailbreak . he ( and five convict cohorts ) manages to get selected for firefighting duty when a woodland blaze just happens to ignite nearby . his escape plan bets a lot on the laxity of the guards , but ( since there must be a movie ) luck is with him . soon the now-escaped convicts are masquerading as canadian firefighters . why canadian ? who knows , eh ? along the way they pick up a pretty birdwatcher ( suzy amis ) to be their hostage . enter howie long . he's called in to help fight the blaze , and when he spots the group of " ground pounders " , apparently lost , he parachutes in to help . when he discovers their true identity , he is the only thing standing between them and escape , and the only hope of help for the hostage . long's acting talents are above those of , say , steven seagal , but not by much . although his delivery is mostly flat and wooden , he's a likeable hero , and there are some hints here and there that he may get better . the script doesn't help him out any , however . all too often , it veers into the realm of the unintentionally funny . the dialogue is strictly b-movie material , and the plotting relies too heavily on coincidences to be believable . long's co-stars are a mixed bag . at least they're all comfortable in their respective roles . forsythe has the scenery-chewing villain down cold , down cold , and scott glenn is always enjoyable to watch , even when he doesn't seem to be stretching his talents ( as is definitely the case here ) . suzy amis plays peril pretty well , but isn't given much more to do . some of the nature and wildfire shots are interesting , but many are rather bland . you'd think that the director , dean semler , a former cinematographer , would at least produce a film with interesting visuals . that's not the case . there's a lack of originality to nearly all the sequences . . . we've seen this stuff before . it's not the most auspicious start to 1998 , but it could have been worse ( just think back to 1996's debut , bio-dome ) . however , after a month of oscar-caliber pictures , a movie like firestorm at least gives you some perspective on how good those movies really were . in fact , there's a good chance that some of them are still playing near you . . . 
plunkett & macleane is a period piece mired down by modern mtv pretentions . i have nothing against the mtv approach to filmmaking -- used properly it can save a movie ( see stigmata ) -- but it ruins this one , making a muddled , incoherent mess out of a potentially interesting premise . there are certain genres that just don't go together . the film opens with a sequence that i still don't understand . it involves some sort of prison outbreak , a robbery , and a gem that keeps being eaten . in any case , the caper ( whatever it may be ) brings together plunkett and macleane ( robert carlyle and johnny lee miller , respectively ) , two happy-go-lucky brits with no way to make a living . they make a pact to steal money from the rich and give it to themselves until they earn enough money to buy a ticket to america . their first heist involves a young debutante named lady rebecca ( liv tyler ) ; a woman macleane was especially friendly with at a party just earlier . his decorum when stripping her of her valuables earns our two crooks the name " gentleman highwaymen . " lady rebecca also happens to be the niece of the lord chief justice , a glaringly arrogant man nearing the end of his political career . he demands that the robbers be caught and punished immediately , leaving the job in the hands of the devious chance ( ken stott ) who has a few more things on his mind than catching criminals . meanwhile , macleane falls in love with rebecca infuriating the businesslike plunkett , who doesn't want his plans to be foiled by his partner's mindless romantic travails . director jake scott , son of ridley scott ( alien , blade runner ) , has his father's knack for setting up atmospheric shots but none of his skill in actually moving the camera . most of the action scenes are filmed in such a rapid , jerky way that it's impossible to comprehend what's going on . the camerawork is even more nauseating than in the purposefully dizzying the blair witch project due to its lack of fluidity . instead of utilizing panning shots to impress upon us the scope of the events scott uses attention-deficit-disorder edits . he barely ever holds a shot for more than ten seconds and during the faster scenes it seems more like a couple frames between each cut . the weird , almost defiant lack of dialogue ( there are no -- no -- conversations lasting over , say , 20 seconds ) undermines character definition and our two protagonists come off as ciphers rather than characters . the love affair between macleane and rebecca is no different , emotionless and unrealistic . when the script calls for macleane to decide between going to america and going to meet his lover , there is no reason for us to believe it would be worth it for him to abandon his goal ; he and rebecca barely even speak to each other throughout the film . plunkett and macleane wants desperately to be a triumph of style over substance but since its style , quite frankly , blows , the film has no hope of succeeding on any level . i wanted to appreciate this movie on the basis of its admittedly kinetic pace but i couldn't -- it was so kinetic it gave me a headache . 
i'm not sure if silvio horta wrote urban legend before or after the success of scream , but i'm guessing after just because it seems he may not have had time to write a second draft . seriously , this idea--a psycho bumping off people in the style of urban legends--is a great one and i wish it could have been pulled off . the first sign of trouble comes with the painfully insipid dialogue . an example : " that [car crash] must've been awful . . . for everyone involved . " you can tell that the writer intended that something a little more airy was supposed to have been said , just no one figured out what . i know in slasher movies there isn't supposed to be a lot of great characterization and i myself don't mind cardboard cutouts , but please don't let the cutouts be so damn bland . one reason movies like scream , star wars and diva have become so treasured is because they feature charismatic actors playing interesting characters . aside from jared leto and joshua jackson ( who aren't on the screen long enough ) no one in urban legend makes the grade . alicia witt shows none of the acerbity or wit she displayed on cybill , rebecca gayheart actually looks unattractive ( not to mention as dumb as a post through 3/4 of the film ) and robert englund just cruises on auto pilot . good thing brad dourif is here , but wait . . . he's only in the movie for five minutes _and_ he's just redoing his good-natured stuttering character from one flew over the cuckoo's nest . which brings me to another aspect of urban legend : it's unoriginality . the film most blatantly ripped off is scream ( another reason that makes me think silvio horta wrote this after craven's and williamson's great success ) . urban legend tries to deconstruct modern-day folklore much the same way scream deconstructed slasher films , but it doesn't quite succeed . it's best stab at self-reflexivity is poking fun at " that girl in the noxzeema ad " ( ie , rebecca gayheart ) we also have another killer-taunting-his-victim-on-the-phone routine in urban legend and quick , what movie is this exchange of dialogue from : female protagonist : why ? villain : why ? why ? ! ? congratulations to those of you who answered scream and/or urban legend . like i said , this movie could've been great . if only silvio had worked or been allowed to work a little longer on the script . still , at least urban legend had some pretty cool death scenes and a somewhat realized whodunit angle which makes this slasher is waaaayyyyyy better than i know what you did last summer . 
a slight romantic comedy with a feminist bent , but one with no edge to it . it turns out to be a conventional film filled with the usual clich ? s and stock characters of this genre . though it's a well-written and well-acted fluff piece , it still does not have too much to say that is surprising . it's made for the gentle art-house set , those who don't want something too disturbing to think about . it's about a critically successful writer husband , alec ( pryce ) , who is so self-absorbed that he's threatened by his department store floor-walking model wife , kate ( bouquet ) , who wants to be a writer . she meets his crass publisher , vanni corso ( walken ) , another self-absorbed man , and a predictable relationship occurs . the fireworks occur because she outgrows her husband's first impressions of her as someone who was impressed with his genius and worships at his feet . she now wants her own identity and her independence . the film looked like the usual sitcom stuff , and is plagued with the cheap set design features reserved for a tv movie . the film sagged in the middle of the story from the weight of its tedium , and eventually landed on its rear end with its unspectacular climax . it's set in london , and it opens as model kate rebuffs sexual advances by a wealthy american shopper , vanni . she later meets him as her hubby's new upstart publisher who seeks to have her intellectual author husband in his stable in order to give him credibility as a publisher of quality , and he quickly wins favor with her by publishing her vanity novel . alec who is an obnoxious grouse , someone whom it seems it would be impossible to live with , tries to do everything to stop his wife from having her book published--which only pushes her into the grasping arms of vanni . the publisher is proud that he's a mamma's boy who never married and is a self-made man who has earned millions . he has recently acquired a failing old london publishing house and plans to revitalize it , as he proudly tells kate : " if my father could sell pizzas in harlem , i could sell culture in europe . " the only thing that couldn't be sold , is this stiff story and tired plot line . the mystery to me , is how the lovely kate could like either man unless she was an insensitive dummy . she soon divorces the beleaguered alec and marries the soon-to-become-beleaguered vanni . when she writes a second novel , he rebuffs her the same way her first hubby did . it ends with the same results that happened to hubby number one , as its story of ambition and lust winds down in a whimper . a business affair was loosely based on the real-life literary and romantic travails of married authors barbara skelton and cyril connolly , in their celebrated 1950s love triangle . 
plot : a separated , glamorous , hollywood couple must pretend to reunite for a press junket of the last movie that they ever shot together . kewl . . . now i only wish that i could pretend never to have seen this movie . . . critique : trite , unfunny , boring and a waste of everyone's talent . how a premise with such zest and bite can turn into a movie that doesn't feature any chemistry , any real laughs , any surprises or any spice is beyond me . how julia roberts is used solely as a " puppy dog " character , puttering around in the background while we endure the complete bitchiness of zeta-jones' character , who is not one bit funny or romantic ( two ideal ingredients in a " romantic comedy " ) , is also beyond me . and why they chose john cusack , a great , quirky actor in his own right , to play the most bland , uninteresting and unfetching character ( with zero chemistry with either of his leads ) is further more , beyond me . and to anybody who decided that this project was " funny " enough to greenlight featuring the talents mentioned above , along with billy crystal , christopher walker , seth green and stanley tucci . . . well , what can i say . . . i just don't have the words . so is this the worst movie that i've seen all year ? no . but it definitely sucks and it's basically because . . . well , it's just not funny . and for the record , allow me to state a few more problems with it . it starts off slow , it's got no energy , it doesn't engage you with any of its characters ( julia barely gets somewhat interesting in the film , everyone else . . . lame ! ) , it utilizes way too many flashbacks to move the story forward , it's utterly predictable , standard , routine , see-through and uninteresting as a plot and it just sits there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . waiting for you to laugh or find something in it that is amusing . and then hank azaria shows up . . . aaaaaah , the film's savior ( mind you , some might be offended by his exaggeration of a stereotype , but that's another story altogether ) . but when an experienced " voice " actor upstages all of the main stars in a summer " blockbuster " romantic comedy with an over-the-top antonio banderas accent , damn dude . . . your film's in trouble ! ! rent this movie on video just to see what went wrong yourself . the references to ricky ricardo and senor wences ( huh ! ? ) , the idio-plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he's going to kill himself ( hardy-har-har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball-sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . . . i could go on . but i won't because i do still respect all of the actors in this film and actually did laugh at azaria , green and tucci's antics from time to time ( ironic , eh . . . what about the leads , dammit ! ) and liked the premise behind the film ( before i saw the finished product , of course ) . a dud all the way around . btw , all the talk about this film was that julia roberts was to be in a fat suit for one scene ( her character is supposed to have lost 60 pounds ) , so when the scene finally came , i did get a little excited about what it might look like and then . . . well , it basically just looked like julia roberts in a fat suit ! ugh . i think i'm gonna start drinking again after this lame-ass movie . c'mon hollywood , enough with the crud ! where's joblo coming from ? beautiful ( 1/10 ) - my best friend's wedding ( 7/10 ) - notting hill ( 5/10 ) - pretty woman ( 7/10 ) -runaway bride ( 5/10 ) - someone like you ( 4/10 ) - wedding planner ( 3/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 ) 
warner brothers ; rated pg-13 ( mild violence , sexual situations ) ; 132 minutes director : luis mandoki screenplay : gerald di pego ( from the novel by nicholas sparks ) cast : kevin costner , robin wright-penn , paul newman , illeana douglas , robbie coltrane , jesse james , john savage . review by : geoff berkshire i'm not an overly cynical guy . there have been many glossy hollywood romances that have carried me away with their romanticism over the years . however , i have my limits and i also have standards . this brings us to the subject at hand : message in a bottle , the big ticket romance that warner brothers' unleashed upon the movie going public just in time for valentine's day . the story , what little of it that there is , involves boring chicago tribune reporter theresa osborne ( robin wright-penn ) dealing with her recent divorce and trying to raise her young son jason ( jesse james ) . during a brief stay somewhere in new england she finds the titular message in a bottle while on a morning run by the ocean . the letter , written to a mystery woman named catherine , instantly captivates her . upon her return , theresa shares it with her best friend lina ( illeana douglas ) , her boss charlie ( robbie coltrane ) , and the entire city of chicago ( the newspaper publishes an article about it ) . it turns out that the message was written by grieving widower garret blake ( kevin costner ) and so theresa travels to north carolina and tracks him down . he turns out to have a colorful father ( paul newman ) but is otherwise perfectly dull and overly obsessed with sailing . this is somehow attractive to theresa and the two begin their awkward courtship . of course she doesn't tell him that she found his letter , she wants to but the rules of this type of film require him to find out later ( preferably right after they first make love ) . this way garret can get very angry and the relationship can be threatened . the discovery of the message and garret's discovery that theresa discovered the message are really the only two noteworthy events that happen during the nearly two and a quarter hour running time of this film . there's a truly lame subplot about garret's relationship with his dead wife's family ( he gets into a bar fight with her brother , played by john savage ) and then the necessary tear-jerking ending . a fun way to pass the time is to take bets on exactly who will die , although it becomes pretty clear by the second reel . the actual death sequence is one of the most ridiculously forced , and unintentionally humorous , sequences filmed since . . . well , since costner's the postman ( 1997 ) . message in a bottle is one slow moving film . last year audiences were offered endurance tests such as the horse whisperer and meet joe black but both of those films resemble jerry bruckheimer productions next to this . they also had redeeming qualities in the form of quality performances and some stand out technical work . message in a bottle has a decent enough cast but they're fighting the material all the way , and losing badly . costner and , especially , wright-penn are both likable and attractive enough to cheer for but their characters are simply too boring . they also fail to generate any kind of real romantic chemistry . the supporting players are given very little to do . the reliable douglas is particularly wasted . old pro newman gives his all and occasionally threatens to kick some life into this dead horse of a film . a confrontational scene he has with costner near the end is especially well played . however , too frequently he just reminds us how unexciting our lead characters are . the film is very polished on the technical side to be sure but it only works to undercut the story . gabriel yared , who previously set the romantic moods of the english patient ( 1996 ) and city of angels ( 1998 ) with his scores , overdoes it a bit here . caleb deschanel's camera makes everything look a little too beautiful . do the offices of the chicago tribune really need to look heavenly ? the editing by steven weisberg is troubling not only considering all that could have been cut out but is also simply messy at times . the real offender here is screenwriter gerald di pego . working from a best- selling novel by nicholas sparks ( which i have not read but have been told is on the same literary level as the bridges of madison county ) , di pego creates one of the most uninspired scripts of recent times . its strict adherence to clich ? s brings to mind such disasters as i still know what you did last summer ( 1998 ) . there simply isn't an original scene in this film . the dialogue is rarely better than laughable and this is only accentuated by the excessively long pauses every character takes while speaking . this is director mandoki's first film since when a man loves a woman ( 1994 ) , the solid meg ryan/andy garcia romance . he's simply going through the motions with this . message in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offerings available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguided romances of the decade . 
did i do something bad ? i must have , because sitting through this movie was sheer punishment . here's the plot . ricky ( jeff goldblum ) is producer of the good-buy network , one of those 24-hour home shopping channels . the new boss ( robert loggia ) plans to can ricky's behind if he doesn't turn the previous months' flat sales numbers around , and to add to his problems , ricky also has to work with kate ( kelly preston ) , the ivy league wunderkind whom the boss has brought with him . kate and ricky don't get along and don't have any great ideas until they meet g ( eddie murphy ) , a spiritualist who sees something positive in everything . his soothing voice and simple logic makes people feel good , and it's this quality that will make g the new gbn television star and the key to the network's success . the first problem is a flaw in the plot . sure , g makes people feel good . sure , we're told that most people feel guilty after buying an impulse item , no matter how wealthy they might be , and i'll even believe that g talks a talk that allows people to feel good about what they've bought . but , hey , that's after they've bought it . why do sales skyrocket the first time g is on camera ? far from trying to sell the product , g instead blathers on about how you don't even need the thing . someone please tell me how this is supposed to move merchandise in the first place . you might say that people feel good about what they've bought , so they come back and by more , but due to the simple fact that the first round of sales in inexplicable , i'm not convinced this is what the filmmakers had in mind . the whole movie is therefore seriously undermined because the key point in the plot is never credible . another problem is in the humor . you know , if you see that eddie murphy is in a movie , i think it is not unreasonable for you to expect that the film is a comedy . whoa , partner , are you in for a surprise . holy man is not funny . murphy , the one asset you'd think this movie has ( remember how they brought him in at the last minute to save best defense ? - then again , maybe you don't ) is seriously reigned in . the script gives him almost nothing to work with , and it seems as though director stephen herek kept him toned down so that the other actors in the film wouldn't be left as window dressing . there's only one moment in the film where murphy is allowed to let loose , and it lasts for three shouted words , which seem totally out of place as a result . pathetic . in all , there are about three jokes that work in the entire picture , and they're not even that great . as a side note , there are some cameo appearances such as dan marino pitching a contraption which allows you to cook off of your car engine , and james brown introducing a medic-alert device that shouts " help me ! " just like the hardest working man in show business at the push of a button , but these never cause your personal laugh-o-meter to rise above the level of mild bemusement . " well , " you ask , " surely there must be some convincing performances to make up for the lack of humor . " think again , buckwheat . jeff goldblum disappoints . kelly preston is flat ( but not like that ) . robert loggia , in the kind of role for which he has been virtually typecast , can't do anything with it . the script is part of the problem , but these actors don't even look like they believe in the move they're making . they look a lot like they're bored . just like the audience . so what do you have when the humor is absent from your comedy , and the acting is like the siberian steppes ? a film that drags more than a dropped anchor . but wait ! as if these problems don't make the film slow enough , the screenplay's pacing makes the movie even slower ! it takes the entire first half hour to establish the movie's premise , then more time as the film wades through a tortuous ( and seemingly mandatory ) romance between ricky and kate , and a sub-plot involving a conniving pr man ( eric mccormack ) who wants to discredit g and take over ricky's job as producer . when the pr guy's plan is foiled , the film is climaxes , we're treated to that little epilogue , and then we can all go home , right ? wrong . the movie goes on for another half hour ! continental drift is the indy 500 compared to the pace of holy man ! the only thing holy about holy man will surely be the number of people exclaiming " holy ! @#% that movie was awful ! " this one is for the truly pious . 
under any other circumstances , i would not be discussing the ending of a film to the extent that i will in this particular review . however , in order to fully explain exactly how and why this movie is so awful , a minute dissection of the ending is necessary . even though i will not reveal the details of the last scenes , do proceed at your own risk . the movie opens ( quite poorly , i might add ) as child psychologist malcolm crowe ( bruce willis , looking like he was dragged out of his trailer at the wee hours of the morning to shoot each scene ) and his wife are intruded upon by one of malcolm's past patients . distraught , the suicidal man ( a cameo by new kid on the block donnie wahlberg ) shoots malcolm and then turns the gun on himself . cut to the " next fall " , as we find the good doctor quietly observing his latest case , a trouble young man named cole ( haley joel osment , one of the only child actors in a while i didn't want to bludgeoned over the head with a blunt instrument ) . after about 45 minutes of seemingly unrelated freak occurrences , we learn that cole has " the sixth sense " , the gift of being able to communicate with the dead . and this , as they say , is where the healing begins . the sixth sense and its unexpected popularity is founded upon a twist ending that i knew going into the film ( one of roger ebert's colleges was kind enough to give it away on a recent segment of " siskel and ebert " ) . although i was at first enraged that an established film critic could so callously ruin a film for thousands of patrons , i soon realized that this turn of events could in fact have been a blessing in disguise ; i've always been a sucker for surprise endings ( my favorite movie is the usual suspects ) and rarely dislike a film that sports one . here , since i knew the major plot twist that was coming at the film's conclusion , the possibly of being bamboozled into loving a bad movie solely because of its ending ( something i've fallen victim to in the past ) was eliminated . and indeed , my viewing of the sixth sense did prove to be quite an enlightening experiment . stripped of the element of surprise , the film was put to the task of showing what it really had , instead of simply hiding behind a shocking conclusion . after seeing its true colors , i came to the conclusion that the sixth sense is , despite what the many champions of the movie may say , void of any real power . it's a neat concept , but not one that justifies being made into a feature-length movie . in fact , the sixth sense relies so strongly on its finale that the rest of the film develops as a sort of prelude to the supposedly earth-shattering revelation that is yet to come . and when the final moments do come , it's a huge letdown ; the end makes no sense at all . it stupefied me with the heights of its ineptitude and is completely idiotic on a fundamental and very rare level . i won't go into any details , but suffice to say that , as far as i can tell , it negates to rest of the movie to such an extent that anyone who buys it even for a second must be suffering from a very acute case of attention deficit disorder . now , in all fairness , i cannot say for sure that i would have guessed the ending ( however stupid it may be ) had it not been revealed to me before hand . however , i feel very confident that i , as well as anyone who had seen a few " twilight zone " episodes , would have seen it coming a mile away . the fact that movie-goers nation wide are surprised by the ending still has me stumped . ironically , to fully appreciate the best scene ( that of cole and malcolm attending a little girl's funeral ) , the viewer is required to be aware of a very rare psychological disorder called munchausen syndrome by proxy . i wouldn't have even known about this mental disease if i hadn't , by pure dumb luck , caught " dateline nbc " the other week when they did a feature story on it . despite being blessed with some really amazing cinematography and a brauva performance from osment ( where was this kid when casting calls were going out for the phantom menace ? ) , in the end , the sixth sense is too chalk-full of contradictions and just isn't plausible enough to warrant even a slight recommendation . 
the swooping shots across darkened rooftops suggest a very tim burton movie , but , alas , no caped crusader descends to save * this * film . instead , it's a skeletal housemaid ( julia roberts ) who must bear witness to this unfortunate retelling of " dr . jekyll and mr . hyde . " for a few , fleeting , maddening moments , director stephen frears ( dangerous liaisons ) gets everything just right-- the tone , the colors , the characters ; all the ingredients to make a most-powerful potion out of valerie martin's best-selling novel . yet it fizzles too quickly ; the volatile mixture losing potency from the very first scene . casting is a large part of the problem . the story all but collap- ses around ms . roberts-- she doesn't have the range for this kind of drama . her accent also comes and goes , though it's nowhere near as glaring as the total lack of chemistry between her and co-star john malkovich . ( he looks the same in both of his roles-- an incredible fact that's missed by everyone in the story ! ) the very british supporting cast-- including michael gambon and george cole-- gives credibility to the smaller parts . glenn close also appears as a madam that the good doctor calls upon . her performance is as close to intentional camp as the movie ever gets and-- as a bonus-- offers a likely peek at her upcoming cruella de ville in the live-action 101 dalmantions . the biggest botch in mary reilly is suspense : there is none . no terror , no tension ; nothing . without any weight , wit , or wonder to propel the story , the viewer is left with little more to do than pay attention to the period detail , a few buckets of blood , and stuart craig's fabulously dreary production design . all of which gets old after about an hour , at which point i recommend leaving . ( the pacing in the second-half is especially abominable . if you * do * stick it through , your sole reward is a half-hokey special effect depicting the infamous transformation . ) mr . frears reportedly recut his film several times , missing several release dates in the process . ( obviously , no one advised him to throw up his hands and just turn the whole damned thing over to mel brooks . blucher ! ) mary reilly is the second robert louis stevenson story of the month , after muppet treasure island . perhaps mr . frears should consult with brian henson on future projects . i daresay that even ms . piggy is a better choice for a certain roles than julia roberts . and she does have a great chop ! 
" what is this , a homicide or a bad b-movie ? " that is the prophetic question asked by one of the leads in one of the early scenes of this movie . let me clear things up for you cupcake , this isn't a bad b-movie , it's a really bad b-movie . so bad , it's almost good . almost , but not quite . the movie starts off in the 1950's with space aliens sending a botched experiment down to earth . it is a bunch of slug-like creatures that kill people and take over their bodies . the slugs' first and only victim in the fifties is cryogenically frozen where he is of no danger to anybody . that is , until two loser university students unfreeze him in 1986 . he , and the slugs inside him , promptly begin wreaking havoc and turning more co-eds into slug zombies . a slightly crazed cop ( tom atkins ) and the requisite girl with the face of an angel ( jill whitlow ) join these two geeky university students ( jason lively and steve marshall ) to do battle with the slugs . it more or less falls on the four of them to make the world safe again from the evil slugs . the acting is bad with a capital b . the story is worse . and the special effects are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you see in a home movie . the only saving grace was the requisite tit-shot courtesy of jill whitlow . it had absolutely nothing to do with the story -- but i liked it . actually , it was the high point of the movie for me . of course , that isn't really saying much . the story moves around in a hap hazard fashion . which gives it a leg up on some other horror films . unlike most movies of this genre , there actually is a story . not a great one , but it is there . this is one in a long line of movies from the 1980's that were thrown together to capitalize off the success of the friday the 13th , halloween and nightmare on elm street movies . you could randomly select a movie out of the horror section of you local video store and probably luck into something just as good if not better . but night of the creeps might make a nice addition to a b-movie horror marathon . just don't be too upset if you can't find it . you really won't be missing that much . 
walken stars as a mobster who is kidnapped and held for ransom by four bratty rich kids . it seems that a woman has also been kidnapped--she is the sister of one of them ( e . t . 's henry thomas ) and the girlfriend of another ( flannery ) --and the asking price is $2 million , which said snots are unable to cough up alone . they even cut off walken's finger to show they mean business , because they are desperate to save the woman's life . suicide kings is a terrible film . walken aside , there isn't a single appealing cast member . o'fallon creates characters that are functional types without any resonance . in an amusingly unironic scene , walken plays poker with the foursome and describes each of their personalities to a tee--it's as if he was reading the summary sheet for a casting director . the plot is another issue entirely . o'fallon is someone whom i'm betting has seen reservoir dogs and the usual suspects too many times , for not only does his story veer off on bizarre tangents from whence they never return ( do we really need the scene where dennis leary beats up an abusive father with a toaster , which is entirely unrelated to both the story and leary's character , or the numerous anecdotal sequences ? ) , but the central plot itself is a serpentine mess , filled with crosses and double crosses and triple crosses . . . by the fourth big revelation/twist , i had completely tuned out , wondering what on earth attracted these actors to the material . recently a peer , a fellow young filmmaker , informed me that he had an idea for a movie about four guys , the mob , and the fbi . it occurred to me then what's wrong with indies like suicide kings : i suspect o'fallon has never met a mobster , is not a rich man , doesn't deliver endless " clever " monologues to his friends about his favourite types of boots . . . in short , these guys are just riffing on other movies , and in doing that , making the same film over and over and over again . tarantino found his niche and now hundreds of genxers with movie cameras are trying to find tarantino's niche instead of carving their own . -reviewed at the toronto international film festival 
numerous comparisons can be made with this movie to past sci-fi , suspense thrillers . soldier is a multi ? crossbreed between the likes of terminator , aliens and offspring . the problem with such mixed genes is that the final product is a real mongrel ? not well made and should have been put down before production got off the ground . besides this , the action is mediocre when compared to the standard action flicks of this day and age . the fight scenes between jason scott lee and kurt russell seem laboured , slow and sluggish , and could have done with better choreography . russell who is usually a good actor in b-grade action flicks is unusually hampered by his character ? sergeant todd , who seems more like a sergeant toad . besides having almost no dialogue , his character appears stunted , zombie-like which is in line with his screen persona , but scores little points of empathy with the audience . this movie has not made me change my opinion about director paul anderson , whose last epic event horizon has left an unusually bitter taste in my mouth . although this movie does not come anywhere close to the strangeness of former , it is still a long way from anything considered desirable . 
last summer , a feature-length version of the avengers hit theaters to the tune of a unanimous critical panning . based on the famous 60's television show , the film was an enormous box-office flop and a huge disappointment for warner bros . a year later , the studio is up to their old tricks again , with the unnecessary revival of the robert conrad program the wild , wild west . but it sounded promising : the same tag-team of star will smith and director barry sonnenfeld , who both contributed to make men in black such a financial success , is at the reins again . and co-star kevin kline is attached to the project , as well as a substantial budget to spice up the special effects . i mean , what could possibly go wrong ? the answer is just about everything . wild wild west is a cinematic abomination - a film that was so entirely pointless to begin with that it is never given a proper chance to get out of the gate . there are a lot of fancy special effects , and a handful of distinguished actors who try desperately to tunnel through the inane plot and make a lasting impression . but the script is so deliriously uneven , the entire movie so off course , that no human being or technical achievement has a chance to salvage it . at square one , we have a bizarre case of casting . will smith plays james west , a renegade cowboy who was originally played by white actor robert conrad in the tv series . my guess regarding the casting of african-american smith is a simple one : the actor + a cozy summertime release = big bucks for all those involved . smith is a very talented performer who usually brings swift assurance to any comic relief material , but this is not an ideal role for him . he's too much of a joker . i heard that initial casting included george clooney in the lead role , and frankly , that sounds a lot more plausible . what makes matters worse is that smith goes through the role with such self-assurance in his eyes ; you can practically sense his contentment with the fact that he knows wild wild west will be a huge hit at the summer box office . the plot involves west and cross-dressing government agent artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) , who are assigned by the president to recover a group of kidnapped scientists . the trail leads to the diabolical dr . arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , a man with no lower body who speaks in a dry , witty southern accent . loveless has taken the country's top technical minds hostage so that they can assist in his deranged plan of total government control , using lethal superweapons to destroy entire towns . one such weapon is an 80-foot mechanical tarantula , bearing eight spindly legs of thrashing metal and spewing enormous fireballs left and right . the visual effects that bring this metallic bug to life are spectacular , seamlessly blending computer-generated imagery with the western surroundings . unfortunately , all of these effects seem so detached from the story , and can do little to support the film's plot deficiencies , which are undoubtedly the main problem . wild wild west is a running gag that never truly works . most of the jokes , usually care of smith , die on arrival . if it's one thing that could possibly be the saving grace , it's the performances , and even they are mostly off-kilter and poorly delivered . kline is admirable , but he has little to do but invent silly devices on the spot . salma hayek is wasted as the romantic interest , because she is viewed as little more than that - window dressing to look pretty and create conflict between west and gordon . branagh , an esteemed shakespearean actor and director , adds marginal enjoyment to the film . but even he is so utterly weird and over-the-top . rarely is a film so lost in itself as wild wild west is . i suppose there's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big-budget release that manages to completely disappoint . wild wild west is such a movie , and will probably go down as one of the biggest disappointments of 1999 . but it is highly unlikely that this will go down in defeat at the box office . perhaps after this , audiences will be less assured when they see will smith's name stamped on a summer movie . after such hits as independence day and mib , wild wild west is not an impressive addition to the resume . 
gordie boggs ( arquette , aptly cast as a moron , as he is one ) and his best friend sean dawkins ( scott caan . the son of james caan should not be reduced to garbage like this ! ) are two losers from wyoming with no jobs and no girlfriends , who look up to world championship wrestling champion jimmy king ( a terribly casted oliver platt ) , as he is everything they are not . they finally get to see him live and he is screwed out of his title by the evil , ruthless promoter titus sinclair ( a wasted palitaliano , in a role originally meant for real-life wcw president eric bischoff , whose name was written all over the role ! ) . gordie and sean track down king in atlanta and discover that he is not really the english king the wcw writers created for him , but a drunken , ignorant southerner who is as irritated by these two lunkheads as bob newhart was by larry , darryl , and darryl . they sneak him back onto wcw tv , after which sinclair agrees to book him in a steel cage match in las vegas at wcw's next pay-per-view , against his rival , diamond dallas page . if he wins , king gets his title and his career back , plus one million dollars . wcw president eric bischoff , knowing his promotion was desperate with bad writing and ratings skyrocketing down thanks to the far superior world wrestling federation , came up with the idea for this movie hoping it would save wcw . he was then fired and rehired two months ago , but by the time he'd left , they had already been contracted to do the film , and bischoff could not play sinclair ( which , in itself , is for the best , as anybody who has seen him on wcw programming knows that bischoff is no actor ! ) . the characters of gordie and sean show you exactly what eric bischoff thinks of his fans . he thinks of them as young , dumb pathetic idiots who will believe anything that will be put out in front of them is real . that is why he doesn't take the fans into consideration when he books a nitro or a pay-per-view . i have news for you , eric : no wrestling fan in this day and age is dumb enough to believe that professional wrestling isn't for show , unless they are four years old . this is 2000 , you know , not 1985 . bischoff will try to cover up criticism like that by saying it is a comedy , but i have no doubt in my mind that if this had been a dramatic , rocky-style film ( which it probably should have been . professional wrestling is ridiculed enough as it is , why should the first wrestling movie in ten years be a comedy ? ) , gordie and sean would have been portrayed in the same light . anybody who has seen the documentary wrestling with shadows , documenting wwf owner vince mcmahon's double-crossing of bret hart , will probably realize via the reviews and previews of ready to rumble , that it is basically a rip-off of that film's storyline with the poor man's wayne and garth thrown in for comedic affect . you can tell titus sinclair is supposed to poke fun at vince , but any self-respecting wrestling fan knows that sinclair is more inspired by bischoff than vince , and that vince did what he had to do to bret hart . all of these aspects of the film , needless to say , seriously offended me as a wrestling fan . another thing i found disturbing about the film was the romance between gordie and nitro girl sasha ( the lovely rose mcgowan ) . wouldn't it have been easier to bring something new into the relationship rather than revealing she was only working on gordie at sinclair's insistance ? i hate that cliche ! the world wrestling federation would have made a better film . they are the promotion everyone cares about , they are winning the ratings , they have better wrestlers , and they take their fans into consideration and don't treat fans like morons . so , vince , how about a movie ? 
one of the 90s' most unwelcome thriller trends returns from the grave : it's the " ___ from hell " movie ! starting in the early nineties , we were subjected to nearly every conceivable combination of relationships-from-hell ! there were boyfriends from hell , friendly neighborhood cops from hell , nannies from hell , and even secretaries from hell . but hush has found an old standby that somehow was forgotten in the rush : the mother-in-law from hell ! ! ! ! ! the mother-in-law in question is martha , played by jessica lange . she has been single-handedly running the family horse farm , kilronan . her son , jackson ( johnathon schaech ) and his girlfriend , helen ( gwyneth paltrow ) , live in new york , and have no intention to move back down south to the rural kilronan . but those intentions are about to change . you see , martha lives by manipulation . she has used it in years past to breed many championship horses . now , she believes she can use it to breed herself a grandson . though at first , helen finds martha charming , soon she is caught in the domineering martha's web of deception . it's hard to understand why nobody ever wises up to martha' schemes . as written , most of the characters in the film must be very slow witted . but then , the film even treats the audience like idiots . it tries to get away with things ( like leaving a critical piece of evidence in a rather unlikely place ) without even batting an eye . then again an audience which accepts characters as shallow as these isn't one that's likely to question details . jessica lange's martha is the only semi-developed character in the film , and she applies her talents to redeem it as much as she can . a character that could have been simply awful is merely groan-worthy . gwyneth paltrow doesn't have much to build upon , as helen's only character trait seems to be " daughter-in-law " . still , she fares better than johnathon schaech , whose character is so nonexistent , he's inexplicably missing for much of the film . still , there have been much worse " ____ from hell " films . even with its paper-thin characters and ludicrous setups , hush manages to create a few thrills in a color-by-numbers fashion . you know what's coming , but occasionally the film will deliver a shock or two . the old formulas are around for a reason , but that doesn't mean they taste fresh . 
there are two things the american film industry should avoid at all costs . one is letting an ambitious actor convert one of his or her favorite novels into a feature film . two is never greenlight a sci-fi film starring john travolta . to wit , we present the disaster that is battlefield earth . a science-fiction opus starring the barbarino of the actors guild , battlefield earth should be shown only at maximum-security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior . sci-fi is always a tricky beast : tight script , a good director , an ensemble cast of decent actors , and the ability to suspend even the most difficult of disbeliefs . battlefield earth fails at achieving even one of these attributes . here's the `plot . ' the year is 3000 . mankind has been become an endangered species thanks to the conquest of a race of aliens called the psychlos ( sounds like either the latest clown act from cirque de soleil or a white rap group ) . a small band of humans dwell in radioactive caves located in the rockies in fear of the `demons' who dwell in the cities below . the psychlos are strip-mining the earth for its resources and terel , played by travolta , is the head of security for the mining/slave base located in denver . a young rogue named jonnie goodboy tyler , played with dramatic flair by barry pepper , ventures from the safety of the caves into the city to uncover the truth about the `demons . ' he is promptly captured and taken to the alien base . after several attempts at escape , johnnie is placed in the middle of an underhanded subplot of terel's , involving circumventing gold from an exposed vein in the rockies to his own end . jonnie , assumed leader of the mining slave group , then manages to attain all psychlo and human intelligence through a learning machine terel forces him to use . then the story just runs along until jonnie teaches the rest of the humans the basics of trigonometry , the bill of rights , how to use a machine gun , and how to fly a harrier jet . the whole mess concludes with a big , loud , obnoxious gun-and-plane battle that had me praying for the end credits . roger christian , the director of this lumbering beast , must have rented dune , blade runner , planet of the apes , independence day , stargate , beastmaster , the airwolf episodes , the `v' miniseries , the matrix , and the omega man . . . and decided to steal every scene he could for battlefield earth . christian even shoots every scene in a weird dutch angle titled left or right for every frame of the movie ! and every scene in the movie ends with a middle wipe -- really . the psychlos reminded me of a cross between jamaican basketball players with bad teeth and bloated hands and klingon extras working the star trek convention circuit . travolta's acting hasn't been this bad since the experts or maybe perfect . jonnie goodboy tyler evolves into william wallace with lines like `you can have your freedom if you fight ! ' then there's the script : the film just never convinces you that the plight of jonnie in teaching his fellow humans to fight and `take back the planet' would be a difficult task to achieve . why ? because terel provides all the necessary tools to incite a revolt -- for no particular reason beside the fact that `humans are stupid . ' terel may be right , you know . humans made this movie . 
let me just start this review off by saying i am a huge fan of professional wrestling and have been for fifteen years . i am not too fond of ted turner's world championship wrestling , however , and i am even less fond of it now after seeing this ridiculous excuse for a wrestling movie tonight . the plot concerns two losers named gordie boggs ( david arquette , aptly cast as a neandrathal ) and sean dawkins ( scott caan ) who are so obsessed with professional wrestling that they believe everything they see on wcw monday nitro is something more than a flashy show . when they finally get to see their hero , wcw world champion jimmy king ( played by oliver platt . i personally would have gotten a wrestler to play king ) , he ends up getting screwed over by evil promoter titus sinclair ( a wasted palitaliano , in a role originally meant for real-life wcw president eric bischoff before he was fired and rehired six months later , and if anyone reads this who knows bischoff , they will agree with me that the role of sinclair had his name written all over it ) , they embark on a quest to find him and help him get his title back . when they find him , they discover in horror that jimmy king's real life is nothing like it is on wcw tv . king is a drunken atlanta native rather than an english king . after convincing king that they don't care that his persona isn't real , gordie and sean sneak him back onto wcw monday nitro , after which sinclair agrees to book him in a main event steel cage match for the wcw title and his job back in las vegas at wcw's pay-per-view . gee , whiz , there are so many things wrong with this movie , i don't know where to begin . yes , i do . . . 1 . the characters of gordie and sean show you what eric bischoff , wcw president who thought up this project , thinks of wrestling fans . he thinks of us as idiots who take everything wrestlers do seriously . he actually thinks wrestling fans are dumb enough to believe this is meant to be taken seriously . i got news for you , eric : nobody above the age of four is dumb enough for that , this is 2000 , you know , not 1985 ! i know he'll probably cover arguments up by saying it isn't meant to be taken seriously but it is , because that's how big an ego bischoff has . 2 . there was a documentary made in 1998 , wrestling with shadows , that documented the owner of the world wrestling federation , vince mcmahon's screwing bret " the hitman " hart out of the title . this movie's storyline is basically a comic rip-off of that plot with the poor man's wayne and garth thrown in . eric bischoff is trying to make vince mcmahon look bad with the character of titus sinclair , but any wrestling fan knows titus is more like bischoff than mcmahon , and that vince did what he had to do to bret hart . 3 . the movie's main wrestler , jimmy king , has an english king gimmick and the audience cheered big for him . no wrestling fan actually enjoys characters like that in this day and age , we want bad asses today ! 4 . why make this a comedy , instead of an emotional , rocky-style drama ? i know wrestling isn't a sport , but you can still get behind a guy who struggles as a wrestler and finally makes it in the end . 5 . in the movie , gordie starts up an ill-fated romance with nitro girl sasha ( the lovely rose mcgowan . what she sees in that freak marilyn manson i'll never understand ) , only to find that she has hospitalized king's trainer for sinclair . wouldn't it have been easier to just have them fall in love instead of doing the typical spy-girl-for-the-bad-guy cliche ? i hate that . 6 . last , but certainly not least , there was not one single moment in this movie that i could not predict would happen , nor did i laugh once either . the world wrestling federation should have been the wrestling company to make the movie , for these reasons : 1 . they're the better promotion . 2 . they have better and younger talent , performers and wrestlers . 3 . they give their fans what they want and don't treat them like idiots . 4 . they're winning the ratings and they're the promotion everybody cares about . 5 . simply put , they could make a movie a hundred times better , and they could do a wrestling movie the right way . the only good thing about this movie was they played outtakes at the end . and if i spoiled it for you , good , i saved you from wasting seven dollars . 
where do i begin ? okay , how about with this : starship troopers is one of the worst movies to hit theaters in a long time . in fact , it might even be the worst * major * release film to come out in years . . . or even a decade . this is bad beyond belief . i would * not * suggest paying money to see this . there's a good chance you'll regret it . if you see it for free , you could still want to walk out . go right ahead . the movie starts off with cheesy 90210 scenes set in the future world of . . . buenos aires . here we meet the group of horrendously bad actors and actresses playing obnoxious , easy-to- * despise * -with-a-passion characters that have love triangles , love rectangles , and love hexagons screwing up their life . before long they all go off and join the military , primarily in the interest of having sex with the other youngsters that joined . they train . they strut around nude for no reason whatsoever . after an hour of making the audience scream in agony , they start fighting bugs . the big bugs look nice , even though their design is only " okay . " unfortunately , the fights are boring since we * want * all of the characters dead anyway . cue more agony . then some characters have sex . then some more die . * * * who cares ? ? ? * * * cue more agony . the movie ends , the audience runs out to their cars , vomits over the pavement , and attempts to drive home . unfortunately , after that torture , they can't think straight , don't pay attention to the road , and many are in ugly car wrecks . you remember how batman & robin was bad ? well , batman & robin kicked this movie's sorry butt , people . starship troopers does not succeed as an action movie . it does not succeed as a drama . it does not succeed as a war movie . it does not succeed as a comedy . it does not succeed as a satire . it does not succeed as a parody . it succeeds as being horrible . terrible . gut-wrenchingly bad . i wanted to run away from that movie every minute . but i paid my money and i owed it to others to see if the movie got any better . so i stayed . it never got better . frequently , it did the impossible , and got * worse * . the movie as written , acted , directed , and basically just feels as a whole like it's about on the mental maturity level of a free willy 4 . the whole thing feels like a movie that only three-year-olds could enjoy . . . except for the ridiculously gratuitous blood and gore , and pointless nudity . it's written for little children , but children should definitely * not * go anywhere near it . of course , i recommend the same for everyone . don't go anywhere near it . verhoeven's got a streak going now . his last movie was showgirls . he seems to be trying to see how bad his movies can get before people finally stop coming . showgirls was a failure , but it appears that , though it'll be lucky to make near its budget , this movie will still do okay gross-wise . is it really * all * bad ? well , no . troopers has about four or five lines of dialouge/short humorous scenes that are actually funny , mostly from the " do you want to know more ? " commercials that pop up throughout the story , promoting the joys of the joining the troopers . so that adds up to about 30 seconds of entertainment and still about one hour , 59 minutes , and 30 seconds of miserable torture . i'm totally confused as to the way that some people are really enjoying this movie . but i do admit it . so , if you're willing to possibly put yourself through torture , go ahead and see it , and decide for yourself if you love it or hate it . i don't know how anyone or any * thing * could love this movie , but hey , to each his own . feel free to give it a shot . of course , in the interest of saving your souls , i don't recommend it . but guess what ? alien resurrection comes out november 26th , and , having already seen some of it and having read the script , i assure you that it will blow pretty much everyone away . though opinion on starship troopers is reasonably split , it'll be difficult to find someone that * won't * like alien resurrection when they've seen it . this is possibly the year's best intense action film , or at least * one * of the best . if you really want to see alien warfare that's played out intelligently and seriously , see alien resurrection . please , avoid this . 
" the 13th warrior " comes at the end of as summer where we've already experienced man eating sharks ( " deep blue sea " ) , man eating crocodiles ( " lake placid " ) and even a man hunting witch ( " the blair witch project " ) . now , " the 13th warrior " presents a tribe of flesh eating men who believe that they are bears . the story , if that's what you want to call it , follows ahmed ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) an arabian poet who falls in love with his king's wife and is banished from his home land . he then travels to the land of the vikings and becomes an ambassador to them . eventually the vikings are called upon to protect the people of the village who are being hunted by the flesh eating men . thirteen warriors are chosen to go on the mission , and as you guessed it , ahmed is chosen as the thirteenth . he's not a warrior , and at first not well accepted by the vikings , but as the movie advances he'll have to prove himself both on and off the battlefield . that's basically the entire plot . there is also a romantic subplot that has been so badly mishandled and , one assumes , drastically cut that you begin to wonder why the filmmakers didn't just edit out all of the scenes attaining to that part of the story . instead they chose to leave just enough of those scenes in to annoy the viewer . the film is basically non- stop action and when it pauses and tries to develop a story it becomes a laughing stock . the battle scenes , although well choreographed , are not involving and not the least bit exciting . we don't get to know any of the characters and so we don't care who lives and who dies . the film , which wants to be beowolf , comes across more as a failed action-adventure story aspiring to epic proportions but not achieving it on any levels . it was directed by john mctiernan who's , " the thomas crown affair " is also playing in theaters currently . and it's not that mctiernan worked simultaneously on both films but that , " the 13th warrior " was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio just waiting for a time to dump it on audiences . it belongs back on the shelf . 
shakespeare in love is quite possibly the most enjoyable period piece ever made for the silver screen . it is both humorous and romantic in a very unique blend that can successfully entertain any audience for the nearly 2 and and a half hours that it occupies . that is , however , not to say it is a good film , a quality production or anything of the sort . shakespeare in love is an incredibly cheap illusion that truly pans out to be very little quality or original work . the finest sign of this may be the plot , in looking back , there seems to be little more than a thin , predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books . philip henslowe ( geoffrey rush ) owns 1 of the 2 theatres in london . it is at the peak of the royal theatre era , and queen elizabeth ( the recently damed judi dench , by , appropriately enough , queen elizabeth ii ) is very much a fan . however , to directly quote the film , he has " cash flow problems . " through a long set of events , it becomes apparent that his entire life is dependent on his next show doing well enough to pay off his debts . so , mr . henslowe employs the young playwright , william shakespeare ( joseph fiennes ) to pen a comedic production . however , the young writer has a severe case of writer's block , and blames it on the fact that his love life is struggling as well . he has the title in mind , romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter ( even that joke loses steam after a while ) but can't seem to put words to paper . then , as only hollywood could have it , through a long set of twisted events , he meets viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) and falls madly in love , thus curing his writer's block . there are many other little issues that mr . henslowe encounters , but they all pan out to be much ado about nothing . the first realization that i reached in watching this film is that one of the messages given is that a show should not always be credited to it's author . ironically , that couldn't be truer here . the great scenes that will sweep audiences away are not the scenes that fit in the plot , but rather the recitals of shakespearean lines by actors playing actors . one of the most breathtaking moments in this film does not involve the character of shakespeare or queen elizabeth or even the theatre owner , but rather 2 young children named romeo and juliet who chose to end their own lives in the name of love . so it is that i am offended by the fact that marc norman and tom stoppard are credited with writing this production , and the name william shakespeare is no were to be seen beyond a character's name in the credits . the acting in this entertaining yet poor film is often thin to the point that it would not have survived even in queen elizabeth's theatres . joseph fiennes may just be the worst of fall though . he is tragically unbelievable and comically bad . gwyneth paltrow is little more than satisfactory in her lead position as well . however , the supporting cast does almost save the day . geoffrey rush is nothing short of incredible and judi dench is breathtaking . they both seem to have shown that as proven actors they could survive in this film of weak links . you will also find a very good performance by ben affleck in his first real role since good will hunting ( no , armageddon doesn't qualify as real acting . ) . and rupert everett was cute in his small part as well . but not even they could save this sad excuse for a film , so it remains plagued by poor performances . when all is said and done , shakespeare in love is only worth the trip if you want to be entertained . however , as the film so kindly pointed out , entertainment may be fun , but it isn't necessarily quality . and this certainly isn't quality . perhaps this may be best compared to a john grisham novel , as a dear friend of mine often does compare things to his work . simply put , it is far-fetched , poorly crafted , but very entertaining . 
in my opinion , a movie reviewer's most important task is to offer an explanation for his opinion . but with soul survivors , i'm so full of critical rage that this review is liable to turn into a venomous , uncontrollable rant , obligations damned . however , protocol forces me to do otherwise . soul survivors tells the story of four college-bound friends : cassandra ( melissa sagemiller ) is sweet and innocent . party girl annabel ( eliza dushku of bring it on ) is dating world-weary harvard student matt ( wes bentley ) . matt still has feelings for cassie , who is now dating sean ( casey affleck ) . driving back from a creepy , gothic party , the quartet gets into a horrific car crash . sean dies , leaving cassie crestfallen and guilty , made worse because sean saw matt kiss cassie just minutes after sean revealed his love for her . as cassie mopes through her classes , she sees the ghost of sean all over the place , urging her to follow him . along with being plagued by other ghastly visions , cassie is also followed by thugs from that strange party . annabel and matt try calming her down , but no one shares cass's visions . she has to figure out this purgatory all by herself . rarely have i seen a director so thoroughly mishandle material . in his directorial debut , steve carpenter does nothing to provoke the audience into feeling any emotion . when the movie's camerawork isn't pedestrian , it's clich ? d . carpenter's need for close-ups , his camera following sagemiller from behind , drain the movie of any anticipation . we already know what to look for , so why should we be surprised ? and the sense of scary atmosphere , which was recently done so well in the others , is nowhere to be found here . carpenter's script relies on random twists and turns with a minimum of logic and loads of laziness . this is a movie where the ending features one character providing an explanation about the plot to another character , which is one of the lamest screenwriting devices around . the second lamest device , of course , is the , " oh , it was all a dream " resolution . and guess what ? this movie has both ! not that the main body of the film , which has sagemiller constantly running in fear or having a nervous breakdown , is anything worthwhile . since there's no captivating dialogue , no character chemistry exists anywhere . that's a huge problem , since the four main characters are supposed to be couples . carpenter can't even get the smutty scenes right , which are becoming more prevalent in pg-13 movies like bring it on and get over it . [the film was recently re-cut from an r rating to get more kids in the seats . -ed . ] when sagemiller and dushku dance together at a club , he rarely shows them in a full shot and he never keeps the camera on them for longer than a second before relating to some michael bay-style quick cuts . and when sagemiller and dushku take a shower together after getting covered in paint , they're fully clothed . regardless , any sexiness in that scene is undercut by its stupidity . why wouldn't they wash the clothes in the sink or in the washing machine ? why would they shower in their clothes ? what if they weren't covered in latex paint ? the cast , which will see better material in the future , would be wise to leave this one off their resumes . i felt sorry for affleck , who i've liked in other movies , and bentley , who was great in american beauty . dushku , who possesses an alluring femme fetale quality , has got to stop taking roles belonging to rose mcgowan . as for sagemiller ( star of the aforementioned get over it ) , i want to see her in a movie where she plays a person , and not an object for gawking . and i'm not even getting into luke wilson's role as a priest . at least he's friends with wes anderson . bottom line : soul survivors is so awful i feel compelled to knock on doors and warn people about it . 
a new entry in the " revisionist history " genre of filmmaking , dick suggests that two not-too-bright teenage girls are the cause of the uncovering of the nation's biggest presidential scandal . kirsten dunst and michelle williams star betsy and arlene , who while trying to deliver a fan letter from arlene's watergate hotel room , accidentally stumble across g . gordon liddy ( played dead-on by harry shearer ) and the infamous break-in . when they recognize liddy later on during a white house field trip , they are ushered into a conference room , questioned as to what they know , and leave as official presidential dog walkers . the girls manage to unwittingly uncover every bit of the watergate scandal while performing their duties , but have no clue as to what they are getting involved with . when they discover that nixon ( another dead-on performance by dan hedaya , who actually favors nixon slightly , unlike anthony hopkins ) has been abusive to checkers , the presidential dog , thanks to the conversations that he always recorded , they quit and become disillusioned . during a prank phone call the girls make to woodward and bernstein , events are set into motion that eventually lead to the president's resignation . this film starts off promisingly with an aged woodward and bernstein arguing with each other on an obvious larry king-type talk show ( featuring a cameo by french stewart ) about revealing the identity of " deep throat " . from there , we are subjected to bodily function humor and just about every bad " dick " joke one can derive from this type of supposed comedy . at one point , the girls are having to scream over a high school band playing on the steps of the lincoln memorial . the band manages to stop right as dunst screams " you have to stop letting dick run your life ! " much to the horror of everyone standing within earshot . several other variations on this wordplay surface all throughout the film . if this movie had been smarter i would have been less likely to fault it's juvenile bathroom humor , but it's not . the film was apparently made for relatively younger people because every major player in the watergate scandal is introduced and shoved down the audience's throat in the least subtle way possible . i don't recall oliver stone's nixon having to pander to it's audience , but of course that film wasn't a comedy aimed squarely at a 13-20 year-old film going audience . the only redeeming thing about this movie is it's remarkable supporting cast . i wanted to see more of ferrell and mcculloch's woodward and bernstein . those two characters are the sole basis for my rating . i wish they had been given more screen time , but unfortunately , they are only relegated to the final half-hour . their constant bickering and fighting over trying to get the story are a major highlight , especially mcculloch's constant thwarting of ferrell's attempts to gather information from the girls ( who , in the course of the narrative are revealed as deep throat , so named thanks to an ill planned trip to a porno theater by betsy's brother ) . the other members of the cast are excellent in their portrayals of their particular characters , but are given nothing to work with . i'd like to see the same cast portray these characters in a script more suited towards their comedic abilities . as for the two leads , dunst and williams can definitely do better . they come off as what could best be described as romy and michele : the early years in this particular film , a highly dubious distinction at best . stay through the first half of the end credits though , to see an interesting scene involving dunst and williams suggestively sucking on lollipops emblazoned with the title of the movie . an excellent idea marred by poor execution , dick could have been a great movie . less of the juvenile humor and more of the smarter comedy displayed by the woodward and bernstein scenes , could have made this film a wonderful satire of the nixon presidency as seen through the eyes of two naive fifteen year olds . as it stands though , dick offers nothing but what filmmaker kevin smith so accurately defines as " dick and poopie " jokes . and that , to me , does not make a funny movie . [pg-13] 
the 13th warrior reeks so badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than a canine's least appetizing residue . the best part of the film would be a close contest between the closing credits and a brief moment in the middle where the screen goes entirely white and you hope that the film has slipped and caught ablaze in the projector . my vote goes for the ending credits , where you can start trying to put the awful experience behind you . ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) is an important official who is banished from his home for sleeping with another man's wife . he encounters a group of norse warriors who convince him to join them on a mysterious journey to be taken by 13 men . fahdlan is chosen as the 13th and last warrior in a moment that is so desperately overacted and overdone that numerous persons at the screening i attended broke out into laughter . the movie proves to be a new low point for banderas , who's acting seems closer to that of his role as the lover and caretaker for a dying gay man in 1993's philadelphia , than that of a warrior . in the film's supposed pay off scene , he exclaims " i was wrong , these are not men ! " , a line intended to be the most memorable quote of the production . unfortunately , banderas delivers it in a fashion that makes chevy chase's career look like oscar material . the film , based on michael crichton's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow . at the same time , the 13th warrior makes you think about numerous questions . questions like " why do the characters always have perfect lighting on them even when it is pitch dark ? " , " why does no one ever have blood cover both sides of their face , but rather just one side ? " and finally , " will the manager give me a refund ? " 90 minutes into the 103 minute film , a man invites of the warriors " come with me , there is a woman who can help . " unfortunately , there is nothing that could help this film . the most appropriate ending would have been for the 13 men to join hands , form a chorus line , and break into a rendition of " springtime for hitler . " 
arye cross and courteney cox star as a pair of bostonians who meet in a bar , go to the movies , fall in love , move in together , etc . review ====== well , if you haven't seen when harry met sally or he said , she said , or if you don't watch love & war on television , you might think this is the most inventive film to come along in ages . however , if you've seen any of these , than you have seen most of this film . this of course doesn't mean its bad . some of it is amusing , but overall , i just had to ask what's the point ? arye cross is the stereotypical single male who falls in love . kevin pollack is the stereotypical female-fearing best friend who make a lot of rather sexist and vulgar jokes , most if which weren't very funny . couteney cox is the stereotypical career-minded woman who falls in love . julie brown is the stereotypical bizarre best friend of said woman . ( notice the frequent use of the word stereotypical . this film uses a lot of formula , the plot is basically known from the opening credits . ) so what is good about the movie ? well as i said there are a few amusing moments . surprisingly , julie brown , who i usually find just plain goofy , was the best thing in the film . also there are several very funny sequences involving analysis of the human mating ritual . gee , this is really short . not much to say about the film really . it is just kind of there . watching it on video might not be a complete waste of time , but i wouldn't recommend hiring a baby sitter or spending a lot of money to see it at the theatre . 
it seems that i've stopped enjoying movies that should be fun to watch . take payback , for example , a movie that most people seem to like . however , it's horrible schlock , straight out of hollywood's vast talent for sucking creativity out of movies . it was written and directed by a guy who should have done better ; however , maybe he did do better , after all , 30 percent of the movie isn't his own . mel gibson , that hollywood zombie , decided he didn't like the ending and had another director reshoot it . what a crock . if you sign on to do a movie , then do it the way the script calls for . why film a movie and then look at it later and say , - no , i changed my mind , i don't like the ending . you're fired . let's get someone else to do it . - i suppose honor is dead in hollywood . the end of the film is , of course , hollywoodized . which is to say that it's happy and the guy you root for beats impossible odds to win his prize . in this case , as is most victories in hollywood movies , gibson's prize is a blond and money . i miss originality in film , i really do . i think audiences are so starved for it that they'll flop down a lot of money in hopes that a movie will be original . payback's tagline - get ready to root for the bad guy - promised an original idea , but it was far from the truth . while gibson's character certainly broke the law , he was a character that had honor ( odd that gibson himself seems to have very little of it ) , wouldn't kill in front of children and protects his blond woman . there's nothing bad about him - he's a hollywood character , a person who could never exist in real life . and gibson knows it - he spends his time trying to act like a " bad guy " , and instead comes off as pretentious and arrogant . the story involves gibson being double-crossed by his partner ( who is a real bad guy , which made me wish that we could root for him ) over $70 , 000 . gibson recovers from multiple gunshots , is pissed ( naturally ) , and will do whatever it takes to get the exact amount of money back - no more , no less . he makes a point of it that it's strictly 70 grand . a real bad guy would have made his ex-partner pay 25% interest . this idea is completely stretched out . gibson ends up going after his partner and the chicago mafia that his partner is affiliated with . what i didn't understand - this is the chicago mafia . $70 , 000 is like spare change to them . they'd probably just pay the guy rather than go through the trouble of dealing with him . i think they'd respect a guy going through this much trouble for a simple $70 , 000 . maybe i'm being too hard on the movie . perhaps the filmmakers were just trying to make a simple popcorn movie . i read roger ebert's review and he liked gibson in the role because he is a comic at heart playing a bad guy . that's why we're allowed to root for him . and it's true - gibson walks the movie as if he's smiling at a joke he just heard . but he's wrong here . i wanted a lee marvin or old-time clint eastwood or somebody who wasn't a comic , just an ass kicker . as a side note , i've just checked the internet movie database and discovered that i am the 38th person to post a newsgroup review of payback . after this many reviews , why would anyone want to read this ? really , i don't care . i'm just trying to gain membership into the on-line film critics society by posting as many reviews as i can . 
i admit it . i thought arnold schwarzenegger had a knack for comedy when he made twins and true lies . watching him in jingle all the way , i wondered why anyone ever thought he could carry such a lame movie targeted at susceptible kids . it was one thing to scare the crap out of kids with the pg-13 kindergarten cop , but parents who let small children see this movie will have to explain themes of violence , alcohol consumption , burglary , racism and child molestation . and you know they'll burst out in tears when arnold punches one of santa's elves . he later decks a reindeer . hey , man , why don't you just kick the easter bunny in the nuts while you're at it ? jingle all the way is formula crap that follows the if someone falls on his ass , it must be funny school of thought . arnold , sinbad and phil hartman crash to the ground more times in this movie than a special olympics hockey team , and the movie dredges up more cliche and less believability with each successive scene . what can you expect from a movie whose entire premise is that two parents can't find a rare toy on christmas eve , and will do anything to get one ? arnold is , of course , one of the parents , a crack salesman who is never there for his son . he races from the office to his son's karate game , only to find out he missed it . and his kid distrusts him because he's never around . ( gee , we haven't seen that in a movie before . ) arnold the absentee father becomes convinced that the only way to buy back his son's affection is to get him a turboman doll , which his wife ( rita wilson , who will never be the breadwinner of the hanks household choosing roles like this ) told him to get weeks ago . so arnold sets out to find a turboman , which turns out to be more rare than the tickle me elmo was when jingle all the way came out . let me back up for a minute here -- arnold's kid is totally obsessed with this turboman character , which is unhealthy beyond belief . watches the show , eats the cereal , sleeps on the freakin' turboman sheets . i'd try to discourage any further obsession myself , lest any kid seeing this movie think it's a wonderful thing to con your dad into racing out to buy you any toy you want . but nooooo , the climax of jingle all the way has arnold dressed up as turboman in a parade , exonerating himself of all wrongdoing in the eyes of wife and son , who don't recognize him until the last minute . this is a sad movie all the way through , but it only gets worse after the opening scenes of arnold and mailman sinbad stampeding through a store , racing off to the mall and hooking up with a santa ( jim belushi ) who runs a bootleg toy factory . most painful to watch is a scene at a radio station , where sinbad holds off the cops with a letter bomb after beating up the deejay ( an embarrassed martin mull ) who said he was giving away a turboman doll . capitalism has produced some pretty evil things ( chia pets ) , but this ode to excess and violent consumerism is one of the most shameful . never mind the subplot with perfect neighbor phil hartman trying to seduce wilson while arnold is off shopping ( " your cookies are incredible " ) , it's the main plot of the movie that sends the message that it's okay to do whatever it takes to get your hands on what you want . maybe that's what christmas is like at the schwarzenegger house , but not at mine . 
movie reviewers have an obligation to see the good , the bad , and the despicable . i originally wrote this review for my college newspaper back in '95 , but i wanted to re-write it because not all retro reviews should be about the classics . we need to be warned about some truly awful films , too . this picture was so bad , it inspired the description for my 1/10 rating ( see ratings chart below ) . the only thing saving it from a 0/10 rating is that being able to rent a movie like this is slightly less embarassing than renting a porno . so , it does indeed have some plusses . . . in fairness , elizabeth berkley is certainly worth seeing in the buff . and her ability to whine and irritate us , even while nude , was appropriate in her role as selfish temptress nomi malone . this character is not smart , not interesting , and ( deliberately ? ) far too annoying far too often . like in 1998s " bulworth " , when the movie was over i didn't care one little iota about the main character . at least warren beatty tried to make a statement with his dreary and overrated film , though . " showgirls " is too stupid to make a statement . some people claim that the story is based on the legendary " all about eve " of all things ! if exploitation expert joe eszterhas was half the screenwriter that joseph l . mankiewicz was , he'd be . . . well , he'd be a good screenwriter . instead , this project may have sunk his career . he wrote the ( ha ha ! ) script and the usually reliable paul verhoeven directed . the same team who created a good sex-film in 1992 ( " basic instinct " ) struck out here with their occasional violence , gratuitous x-rated sex scenes , and numerous ( and quite unnecessary ) lesbian overtones . the predictable storyline revolves around nomi streaking into las vegas to make it big as a dancer . after the supposed street-smart young " lady " gets conned out of her suitcase by a slack-jawed yokel in the opening sequence , she befriends a tailor of the glamorous stage production at the " stardust hotel " . nomi doesn't take advantage of this contact to break into the big-time of dirty dancing right away . first , she becomes a lap dancer at a scummy strip club . she sells her hot little wares at " the cheetah " for a short time , turning on the fictitious customers and the actual theatre audience . hey , i never said she wasn't a hot number . . . maybe it's that , her body , which gets her into the big-time when the star of the " stardust hotel " , crystal connors ( gina gershon ) stops into the strip club ( it certainly isn't her brains or pleasant disposition ! ) . crystal requests a private lap dance for her boyfriend ( kyle maclachlan ) . he also happens to be the pleasure-seeking worm who runs the big show . crystal gets nomi onto the " stardust " team and , after an interminable amount of time , nomi " earns " the role of crystal's understudy . the slut then deliberately injures and hospitalizes crystal . it was almost laughable that nomi had the guts to claim that she's " not a whore " . that's a phrase we hear a few different times and it's completely ludicrous . of course she is ! she sells her soul to make it big , but in the end we're supposed to believe that she's a better person than that . we're supposed to root for her . no way ! she's a tramp and a back-stabber who deserved nothing--least of all vindication in the . . . ahem . . . climax . she is not a good person and they take over two hours to explain that the audience should think that she is . the sub-plot with a male dancer ( glenn plummer ) who claims to see talent in nomi is just a gratuitous opportunity to let her dance naked a little bit more . it sure ain't character development ! plummer also appeared in " speed " in '94 in a smaller , yet better role . this sub-plot goes absolutely nowhere except maybe to deliver an unsubtle hint that fornicators should practice birth control . kyle maclachlan must have been promised a big pay-day or his standards have dipped since appearing in " blue velvet " . that picture was weird , but some critics claim it's one of the best movies of the '80s . now ol' kyle can say that he acted in one of the worst of the '90s , too . his sleazy character is important to " showgirls " , but we don't learn anything about him . he uses people to get what he wants , but that only means that he fits in well with the other characters in this movie . is he a villain ? who cares ! ultimately , this movie is as tiresome as it is explicit . everyone must know by now about the soft-core acts of copulation , especially the riotous romp between berkley and maclachlan in his pool . what few reviewers take issue with is how mean-spirited this movie is . everyone's either having sex , exacting revenge , or wishing they were having sex or exacting revenge . it's just too hard to take ( especially for over two hours ) . if we must be exposed to the evils of the vegas world , why couldn't verhoeven have also made a point of highlighting the whispers , grunts , and other sounds during the dance numbers ? it's hard to care about these people if we can't even appreciate what they're capable of doing on-stage . berkley may have a future in hollywood because she can dance and she has a great body . after all , the world of porn is still an active , dishonourable profession . perhaps berkley could join their ranks and leave the real acting to pauly shore and cindy crawford . oops , they're bad actors , too . well , at least , they're not selfish and contemptable like good ol' slutty nomi malone . useless trivia--ironically , elizabeth berkley played virtuous and " holier than thou " jessie on the teeny-bopper tv show , " saved by the bell " , before breaking onto the big screen . 
in the mid-1980s , following the splendid debut in hugh hudson's greystoke and relative success of first highlander film , it looked like christopher lambert's acting career might go somewhere . but , it wasn't meant to be , which became obvious following highlander ii . in this decade christopher lambert became associated with films with low budgets and even lower quality . very often such films were science fiction , which meant that the fans of that genre learned the hard way what to evade anything starring christopher lambert . whether it was because of real lack of talent , terrible miscasting or simple bad luck isn't important - the end result was almost always horrible . the same can be said for fortress , 1993 science fiction film directed by stuart gordon , director who created cult following with his 1980s horror gorefests like reanimator and from beyond . the movie is set in 2018 . for some undisclosed reason , usa introduced strict population control and couples are barred from having more than one child . jake ( christopher lambert ) and karen brennick ( lori laughlin ) broke that law and are caught by authorities on the border . sentenced to 31 years in prison , they are both thrown into fortress , privately owned correctional facility , equiped with state-of-the-art futuristic technology and run by computer called zed . although equiped with gismos that regulate every aspect of inmates' lives and make any escape impossible , prison authorities often use violence . jake survives many ordeals and earns respect of some inmates which would help him when he begins planing the escape . such escape should become necessity , because the warden poe ( kurtwood smith ) begins showing unhealthy interest in karen . after rather intriguing beginning and some interesting special effects that depict the futuristic settings of prison , this film soon starts sinking into mediocrity . the reason is in the screenplay that quickly degenerates into whole series of prison movie clich ? s and situations that are painfully predictable . by the time brennick begins his escape from fortress , those situations not only begin to look predictable , but utterly implausible too . of course , film never tried to explain why the country that lacks resources to support its present population happens to spend bucketloads of money on ultra-expensive supertechnology with sole intention of keeping alive most useless and dangerous members of the society . the initially interesting plot is done even more wrong by stereotyped characters , played by not too interested or talented actors . lori laughlin , although physically attractive , shows the acting ability of sequoia . kurtwood smith as prison warden is rather uninspired , capable of solid , yet forgettable performance . lambert's performance is also good , but even the bigger talent couldn't help this film , destined to end in oblivion . 
take two old and dying men , a lifetime of regrets , a house full of sins , a thoroughly despicable man , enough lies , insecurities and other character defects to keep a team of psychiatrists gainfully employed , then add a inexplicable meteorological and amphibian-based phenomenon and you will have summed up magnolia , the newest film from paul thomas anderson ( boogie nights ) . the movie tells multiple stories , weaving them together , or overlapping them during the course of its three hour running time . would that the stories were worth the telling . earl partridge ( jason robards , a thousand acres ) is dying of cancer . bedridden , in much pain , it is obvious that his time is growing short . his much younger wife played by julianne moore ( an ideal husband ) is surprised to find herself struggling with his impending death . having married for money , she discovers that she has actually fallen in love with the old guy and regrets having cheated and lied . earl regrets having cheated on his first wife and estranging himself from his only son ( tom cruise , eyes wide shut ) , now a misogynist self-help guru who teaches men how to " seduce and destroy , " his sexual and vulgar perspective on male/female relationships is so over-the-top as to be utterly unbelievable . meanwhile , jimmy gator ( philip baker hall , the insider ) is also dying of cancer . not as physically incapacitated as earl , jimmy is still able to perform his duties as the lovable host of a long-running quiz show which pits adults against children . the current whiz-quiz-kid is stanley spector ( jeremy blackman in his film debut ) who is tired of the pressure of performing and is willing to call it quits . on the other hand , quiz kid donnie smith ( william macy , mystery men ) would like nothing more than to return to the spotlight when he was a " somebody . " his pathetic life is souring as he can no longer capitalize on his brief 15 minutes of fame which stanley is all too eager to relinquish . jimmy has his own family crisis as his drug-addict daughter ( melora walters , boogie nights ) refuses to have anything to do with him for reasons which are not disclosed to us until the end of the film . grabbing at one last attempt at happiness she reaches out to a softhearted cop ( john c . reilly , never been kissed ) even as she tries to push herself away from him because she deems herself not worthy of his affection . this dysfunctional group carries on for what seems to be an interminable two-thirds of the movie . and then it gets worse , literally raining frogs . yes , frogs . assuming it to be an intended deus-ex-machina device , it is an ineffective one because it doesn't seem to faze the characters much . oh , they may step gingerly around the splattered frog corpses littering the streets , but otherwise , the frog shower didn't seem to change their behavior or pattern of living ( or dying ) . there is simply too much going on in this movie and most of it is distasteful to watch . mr . anderson further obscures the film by incorporating a loud and intrusive sound track that often drowned out the dialogue , a character who apparently rapped a significant clue to a plot development which was completely unintelligble , and a heavy handed segment of " historical " occurances containing ironic twists which set up absolutely nothing . one of the recurring themes is found in a line donnie quotes : " we may be done with the past , but the past is not done with us . " this is an absolute lie . god is in the forgiveness business . in fact , as we humbly ask for forgiveness and repent or change our offending mindset , god's word says that he not only forgives , he also forgets . " i , even i , am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake , and will not remember thy sins . " isaiah 43 : 25 [kjv] the spiritual one who keeps bringing up our unrighteous past is the same one who wants to keep us in a state of condemnation . don't let him . next time your spiritual adversary reminds you of your past , take great pleasure in reminding him of his future . he hates that . 
these days , people have rather short attention span and hardly anything can satisfy them for the long run . 1970s nostalgia is already wearing off , and now , people are becoming more and more interested in 1980s . few years in the future , early 1990s are going to be regarded as next golden age of nostalgia . however , i doubt that people are going to be very nostalgic about the hollywood products of that period . one of the reason would surely be films like national lampoon's loaded weapon 1 , that , in many ways , symbolise the biggest problem of contemporary american film industry - lack of originality and ideas . being made as some kind of parody on lethal weapon series , this film pairs two l . a . policemen - jack colt ( emilio estevez ) , burn-out alcoholic cop on the edge , and wes luger ( samuel l . jackson ) , by-the-book policeman , days away from retirement . two of them , following the murder of luger's ex- partner , must confront evil general mortars ( william shatner ) , crime lord who is going to flood the market with cocaine stashed in wilderness girl cookies . the authors of this films ( whose director , gene quintano , worked on such projects like third and fourth sequel of police academy ) lacked any original idea before they undertook the projects , and that reflects in the lack plot , characters , and , even original lines . the plot , or what goes for the plot in this movie , is nothing more than a series of gags that make laugh of some popular films made in previous few years ( apart from lethal weapon series , this film " borrows " its female lead from basic instinct ) . the best gags , are , same as with many other similar movies , shown in the trailers . the rest simply doesn't work . only those who used to watch a lot of hollywood products in that period would laugh . others would probably wince at the lameness of humour . some would be entertained by celebrity cameos that pop up every once in a while . but , at the end , spending hour and half in front of this disorganised mess of a movie is simply not worth the effort . the film was sometimes criticised for being the parody of a series that already had strong comic overtones . the authors of lethal weapon returned the favour by using the loaded weapon 1 joke in their fourth sequel . 
i suppose it's unfair to criticize a movie like hudson hawk , which has been panned by reviewers and moviegoers alike since it's 1991 release . michael lehmann's action-comedy was quick to win the title `biggest box office flop of all time' , or close thereof . the movie stars bruce willis as renowned cat burglar hudson hawk , who's just been released from sing sing prison after many years in isolation ( `let me put it this way , ' he explains , `i never saw et' ) . greeting him is his old friend and partner in crime ( played by danny aiello ) , who becomes the subject of many amusing fat jokes . these are rather welcome in a movie filled with so many completely unfunny sight gags , cartoonish villains and unbelievable coincidences . it appears as if director lehmann didn't know when to stop all the absurd silliness , and he piles on layer after layer of utter ridiculousness as the movie propels itself toward the finish line . if at some point during hudson hawk you make the assumption that things couldn't get goofier , you'll soon be eating your words . but , i'm inclined to say that this film is not quite as terrible as it's box office numbers suggest . it's fast-paced and entertaining , if you've got incredible patience and a warped sense of humor . for the first portion of this review , i'm going to try and center on the positive aspects of hudson hawk . wish me luck . first and foremost : bruce willis is a good sport . while i'm not entirely sure what he was smoking when he co-wrote this script , willis is quite aware that the entire project is a big , fat , ugly joke . he constantly gives deadpan reactions to things that are very silly and out-of-place , which means he has more than his share of deadpan reactions . another plus is the appearance of andie macdowell as a schizophrenic nun and love interest for the title character . they meet when hudson goes on a mission to steal a priceless book from the vatican , and their relationship escalates in interest from there . it's unfortunate that mcdowell's one-note character is used just as an excuse for there to be a predictable plot-twist , and she offers absolutely no encouraging chemistry with willis . but now i'm rambling on again about the negative things , aren't i ? enough of the charade - for the most part , hudson hawk is an excruciating experience . it's stupid , pointless and repetitive . i can only wonder what bruce willis fans thought after exiting the theater , because this film really doesn't have the potential to please anyone . action fans should take note that hudson hawk is composed of 90% comedy , and even the action sequences are skittery , rushed and poorly edited . and those expecting a hearty laugh or two will find it difficult even to smirk during all of the headache-inducing hi-jinks . don't get me wrong , this film is not devoid of laughs . it's too bad most of them are unintentional , or just plain forced . the impressive cast looks suitably embarrassed . it's understandable to see willis and aiello in a movie of this caliber , but as for the presence of future academy award winner james coburn i'm not entirely sure . coburn plays a former nemesis of the hawk who again comes into play , and he looks unsure of his place the entire movie . especially when he resorts to martial arts during the final showdown , and has a fight with willis that would look right at home in a jackie chan film . things get more bizarre when we're introduced to his team of rejects named after chocolate bars , including future nypd blue star david caruso as the speechless , card-flipping kit-kat . if that's not enough for you , there's richard e . grant and sandra bernhard hamming it up as a deranged couple on the brink of a convoluted economic takeover . their crotch-biting pooch provides a couple of the big laughs here . wait , maybe the only big laughs . . . i'm not sure what kind of movie everyone had in mind when filming hudson hawk . i can't even begin to start about the film's absurd plot ; but let's not get into that . i suppose there's some amusement viewers could derive from the ridiculous premise , if they were that desperate . but hudson hawk never even has a clue of where it's going from minute one , and from there it's 90 minutes of pure cinematic muck . 
funny how your expectations can be defeated , and not in good ways . the ghost and the darkness promised ( at least , it seemed to me to promise ) a hemingwayesque showdown between men and nature . what it delivered was mystery science theater 3000-level material -- an inadvertently hilarious story that made me scream advice at the characters . " get new jobs ! " was one line , if i remember correctly . at the end of the 19th century , col . patterson ( val kilmer , whose irish accent comes and goes like an african zephyr ) is an engineer who has been hired to build a british railway bridge across the tsavo river in uganda . he is having immensely stereotypical problems : the natives are restless , his boss is a jerk , and now two man-eating lions are stalking the work camp and killing people off . patterson tries to handle the situation himself , incompetently , and then turns to charles remington ( michael douglas ) , a hunter of world reknown ( or something like that ) . the movie stacks the deck so heavily in favor of the lions , they should have gotten top billing and co-starred with siegfried and roy . they are nigh-invulnerable , as one comic book put it , and this is of course just the excuse the movie needs to have one native after another stepping forth to solmenly recite lines about the power of nature . give me a break . the movie hasn't got the wherewithal to even begin to exploit such ideas ; it's just trying to find convenient ways to stall us . even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic . get this : remington's big plan is to build a large scaffold-like structure in the middle of the savannah , sit on it , and wait for the lion to show up . he does this , and then gets knocked off by a bird . by the end of the movie , the blood vessels in my palm were all broken open from me pounding my forehead with my hand . the acting is forgettable . douglas does a good job of portraying a relatively cracked fellow , but it's nothing he hasn't done before . kilmer looks like he wishes he were someone else , somewhere else , and the rest vanish into the cinematography . the camera , by the way , sometimes behaves so stupidly all by itself that most of the lion attacks are incoherent . what did i expect from this movie ? i dunno . some real excitement , i suppose . a sense that there were formidable forces on both sides of this equation . no such luck . i dug out my tattered copy of hemingway's " the short happy life of francis macomber " and read that to get the taste of this movie out of my mind . 
apparently , when crap calls , jim carrey answers . here he is , mugging it up in countless unfunny ways for the fifth time , his second go-around in the role of pet detective ace ventura . that means more talking ass-cracks , penis jokes and cries of " al-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-lrighty then . " it all adds up to a sequel that makes the original resemble schindler's list in terms of dramatic merit , or lack of . granted , there are a few laughs amid the constant barrage of pre-school humor , but anyone who appreciates good comedy will bang their head against the wall ten times for every minor chuckle . it's a painful experience for anyone with a brain . ace is distraught after accidentally dropping a racoon into a canyon ( in a parody of the opening scene of sylvester stallone's cliffhanger , jim carrey being the only person who can make stallone look like a college professor in terms of intellect , or lack of ) and decides to retire to the mountains of tibet to gain a higher level of consciousness ( or , in his case , a level of consciousness ) . but he is pulled out of retirement to the tune of $20 , 000 to retrieve a sacred white bat for an african tribe . why africa ? so carrey can disguise himself nude inside a fake rhino and later climb out the rear end as a tourist family watches ( " look , the rhino's about to give birth ! " ) . if that seems like hee-haw humor to you , by all means , see the movie . if not , claim your place in human civilization with the rest of us . obviously , there are quite a few nonmembers of civilization who made this movie , like the first ace ventura film ( i use the word " film " only because it was filmed , not because there's any level of artistic merit . ) , a huge success . in fact , carrey only has a career because of the decline of intelligence in our culture . you may say to me , " but andrew , look at jerry lewis . he was born with a negative i . q . and look how popular he was thirty years ago . " maybe , but i still say jerry lewis is a notch or two up on the comedic ladder because he never actually did an impression in a movie of a rabid bulldog biting off a man's testicles . . . lewis at least had the dignity to save that performance for when company came over . 
i was recently told that in china their had been strong protests against the release of red corner  and this is apparently because of the way it shows the injustice of many chinese laws . but if you ask me , the real truth of the matter is that the chinese critics association were determined not to punish the population into viewing richard gere running across rooftops in search for a fellow american . or more the point , anyone that allows him to bask in his own less-than-subtle presence . this is not an insult to gere , as i consider him to be a rather talented actor  but more the choice of character and responsibility of his role . if a film is solely about one person , the main actor must give a faultless performance in order for it to really work . although geres performance is in no way poorly acted , it is far from perfect  and i look forward to seeing him star with other talented actors that can reduce the need for him to carry a film by himself . this is where he truly belongs , and if you are reluctant to believe me than look no further that primal fear ( with the sensational edward norton ) , the jackal ( with bruce willis ) and pretty woman ( with the delightful julia roberts ) . in red corner gere plays classy lawyer jack moore , who is guilty of the same personality traits as his character martin vail in primal fear  bold and up front , who thinks he is three steps ahead of everybody else but is actually two steps behind . it is with invulnerability of both mental and physical kind that the character of moore is portrayed , which left me barracking for the chinese to haul his sorry ass into jail . it doesnt take long from the films beginning for jack moores charm to work on a pretty chinese lady , and in no time they are in bed together in a hotel room  drunk and cheerful . yet instead of a hangover , poor jack finds himself covered in blood and the chinese chick dead on a couch . he is arrested and hauled into a chinese prison . his cell , food and rights  all terrible . now trapped in a foreign land without adequate aid from the american embassy , lawyer shen yuelin ( bai ling ) defends his case by initially pleading guilty to the charge of murder . jack and shen argue about their countries different laws ; shen stating that they will shoot you in the back and charge the cost of the bullet to your family .  as the plot thickens , scenes get progressively more ridiculous  ranging from richard gere running over rooftops in search of the us embassy to a scooby doo ending where the least expected but-you-knew-along criminal is discovered . red corner is one of those films where you sneer , laugh or vomit youre way through all of its minutes . what should have been a politically taunt thriller is little more than a pointless expedition to see how stressed out richard gere can act . this is not to say that the film does not have its moments  there are some tense court room scenes that are shrewdly created  telling the tale of foreign injustice and government corruption . but what they amount to spoils the effect of having them in the first place  perhaps this is why red corner is so frustrating to watch . if you look at the films overall concept fairly broadly , the basic idea is quite tangible . it is upon the films execution where the diminutive plot twists and developments fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that goes missing , the high powered officials shielding the truth and intolerable love angles have all been done so many times before . if that wasnt bad enough , red corners dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions . shen yuelin attempts to gain sympathy by reciting renaissance of a destitute relationship with her deceased father , whilst jack moore is eager to talk about chinese musical instruments when he could have been working on a plan to free himself . taking itself far too seriously , red corner is not half the film it intends to be . although it would have benefited from the help of a more valuable supporting cast , the films main fault is in the bizarre ( and often out of place ) way of unfolding a story which isnt that meritorious anyway . whilst richard gere still proves that has what it takes to be known as a decent actor , i would think twice before going to see him attempt to manage such a serious yet hollow drama again . martin vailwhere are you ? 
synopsis : sonny koufax ( adam sandler ) is a rich , childish , angry man who has just been dumped by his girlfriend vanessa ( kristy swanson ) . in a bid to impress vanessa sonny impersonates his friend kevin ( jon stewart ) and adopts a 5 year old boy named julian ( cole and dylan sprouse ) while kevin is on an overseas trip . under sonny's supervision julian soon learns to lie to women , tell people how he " wipes his ass , " throw tantrums , and scream for his " god damned " treats . self centered , julian breaks a school classmate's arm without apologizing or even realizing he has done anything wrong . meanwhile sonny bribes julian with sugary talk , food , toys , and flashy promises in order to get the kid to perform . not surprisingly the government takes julian away from sonny's incompetent supervision , and this leads to a custody battle . opinion : it's a movie about an embittered creep teaching a little kid to be a jerk , and we all get cheap laughs because for 90 minutes the innocent kindergartner never finds out what it means when he mimics all the bad boy behavior . that's the essence of big daddy . but there's a bigger issue involved : marketing . movies that are rated pg and pg-13 are heavily marketed towards children of preteen age and below . on tv , film clips advertise these movies as family-friendly hit comedies . then when you go see them they turn out to be either raunchy sex acts like austin powers with characters named fat bastard - - or big daddy where adult characters get their jollies by buddying up to naive five year olds and encouraging them to experiment with drugs and mistreatment . folks in hollywood are trying to develop a preteen market for raunchy stuff , but i think most american parents would agree that early childhood is a time of mental innocence that should be protected from uncaring media market exploitation . to many american mothers there's probably nothing more pathetic and unsettling than the sight of a theater full of unsupervised little eight year olds laughing raucously as movie character father adam sandler jokes about a woman's " ice cold tits . " 
man , this was one wierd movie . similar to conspiracy theory in that it couldn't decide which genre it is . the first hour is your standard stock aliens clone , which nicely created an eerie atmosphere about the ship . the last half hour ? this was when the makers blew the script out the airlock and just decided - " screw it , let's just kill everybody " . from then on - forget sci-fi . . . this movie becomes 100% horror . what really dissappointed me about this movie was that it tried to scare you in entirely the wrong way . instead of using clever tricks or trying to build up to a scare - this movie just uses loud noises , sudden camera shifts and short quick bursts of gore . . . . . yawn . . . . everyone's seen it all before and knows when to expect it . the one thing that was done well was the lead up to finding out about what happened to the previous crew . there are skeletons lying around mangled and mashed , but what did this ? then finally after being painfully restored - the new crew views the video . the acting isn't too bad at all . . . . . considering what the actors had to work with anyway , as there is no complex or interesting dialogue to speak of . there was some very nice camerawork in certain sequences though , like when the hull near the bridge of the event horizon is breached and the camera pans back to follow specific objects as they bounce across the deck and are sucked out into space . this movie could have been so much better . it had a good experienced cast who deserved more to work with . there was just nothing new here that any of us haven't seen before in aliens or hellraiser . 
it's always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are either walking out early or are half-asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film . that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression . indeed , walt disney is rolling over in his grave again , cursing john hughes' name for making the original live-action 101 dalmatians , one of the worst kiddie flicks of all time , and now its sequel . the main culprit behind the hideousness of 102 dalmatians is its predecessor , 101 dalmatians . the original made more than $100 million dollars at the box office , spawned a torrid collection of " collectible " items that ended up months later in the discount bins of wal-marts across the country , and generally made every kid on the planet want a damn dalmatian pup for christmas . well , it's been about four years since then , and dalmatian fever is coming back , and this time it's digitally enhanced . here's the story . cruella de vil ( glenn close ) is released from prison due to the " cure " of her puppy homicide urges by one dr . pavlov . ( oh , how witty . ) she rejoins the world as a dog lover and is assigned to a probation officer , who oddly turns out to be her victim from the original film . cruella then becomes ella -- dog lover -- until the plot twists , like a dog with his leash caught on the back of a moving truck , and she becomes the evil vixen again . a kidnapping plot unfurls again as cruella decides she still needs her dalmatian coat , but she now needs 102 dalmatians instead of the commonly used 101 dalmatian formula . at this point , i was envying those kids filing out of the theater . how low have glenn close and gerard depardieu ( as the film's villain ) sunk in the film business ? it's almost laughable in a sadistic way to watch close walk around in costumes that seem to be pulled from the wardrobe of flash gordon . and depardieu . . . how can a french guy have a bad french accent ? and never mind the toilet brush haircut . the only minutely positive selling point i can even think to point out is the talking bird with a british accent ( courtesy of eric idle ) that thinks he's a rottweiler . now that's funny . 
plot : lara croft is british , rich and kicks a lot of ass . she also likes to raid tombs but when the illuminata discover that all nine planets are about to stand in alignment for the first time in 5000 years , and that lara holds the key to time , well , needless to say , they want to nab it from her . oh yeah , lara also likes to sport a lot of tight shirts . . . hummana-hummana-hummana . . . critique : angelina jolie was great in this movie . there were also about three " action scenes " that were pretty cool to look at in this film . uhhhhhm , unfortunately the rest of the movie sucked ! bad dialogue , generic sidekicks and bad guys , a lame mystery , yoda-esque moments with mumbo-jumbo being sprouted about and even some crappy cgi near the end . all in all , this movie wasn't the horror show that some of the early reviews had warned us about , especially since every other scene does feature jolie's torpedoes begging to burst out of her lucky shirts , but it was quite the letdown nonetheless , especially when you consider the major opportunity that the filmmakers had here to create a cool , hip woman hero , based on a popular video game . i don't know , i guess you have to put most of the blame on director simon west , who didn't really tie the whole movie together all that well . the film lacked energy , a consistent pace and well . . . a fun time ! i felt kinda depressed while watching this movie . all that " father " crap was horrible and the dialogue given to poor john voight to recite was just plain embarrassing ( and i'm not even gonna mention his moustache . . . hehehe ) . why have this shite in the movie at all ? ! ? i especially hated the scenes in which some ghost-like figure , friend or child would ramble on about lara croft's father while all the time , i'm not giving one ounce of crap as to what they're talking about . i guess that's called lack of " character development " , right ? that's when a movie builds enough background into the characters on the screen , so that we could actually " get into " it and care about them . i didn't care about anyone in this movie , and was bored during most of its " let's explain why we're doing all this gobbledygook " moments . and even though i thought that jolie kicked some mighty ass ( damn , did she look sexy blasting those guns or what ? ! ? ) , everybody else around her was so goddamn boring ! her butler was a throwaway with no personality , her side-kick was supposed to be funny but just annoyed me every time he said the word " bugger " ( and he says it a lot , trust me ! ) and all of the so-called bad guys just spewed one-dimension ! they had no spark , no energy amongst them , and even though a few of the action scenes in the movie were cool ( see the trailer and you'll know which ones i'm talking about ) , the overall picture was lame and the dialogue and mystical bull-crap just buried it even further . also , for a movie that's supposed to be about all of these exotic locations , i wasn't necessarily impressed by any of its exterior shots , and even less so with its interiors , which all looked like they were shot in the same room . mind you , i won't go as far as to say that it's the " worst movie of the year " ( remember that i actually have to go see freddie prinze jr . movies also ! ) , but it's definitely the worst film that i've seen during this summer movie season ( of course , it's still early and i'm sure there are a few more garbage heaps coming down the pike ) . skip this one altogether and rent any of the indiana jones movies instead . . . trust me , you'll miss the boobs but end your night with some rock-solid porn and it's all good ! where's joblo coming from ? raiders of the lost ark ( 10/10 ) - the mummy ( 8/10 ) - lost in space ( 7/10 ) - the mummy returns ( 6/10 ) - the general's daughter ( 3/10 ) - romancing the stone ( 7/10 ) - wild wild west ( 3/10 ) - mission impossible 2 ( 7/10 ) 
* this review contains spoilers * as with most of her films , director amy heckerling's latest , loser , seesaws between unpleasant and artificial , and is sometimes both at once . when she tackles big issues , such as abortion in fast times at ridgemont high , it's impossible to tell whether she's being matter-of-fact or glib about them ( they carry an almost documentary starkness ) , but whatever the case , she continually refuses to comment politically . such is the sitcom tendency of her work : to jeopardize the innocence of her characters and then hit the reset button . this fear of drama soured me on fast times . . . , look who's talking , clueless , and now loser , in which ms . heckerling also demonstrates , for the first time , zero affinity for the milieu . has anyone , for instance , ever met a girl in the stylistic vein of mena suvari's dora ? attired in black thrift , her eye shadow smeared to racoon chic and her bangy red hair barely contained by girlish clips , she accepts the label of goth , but no self-respecting goth girl ever admitted to digging , as dora does , those geriatric rockers everclear , nor willingly went anywhere with a six-pack-wielding fratboy stranger . the mechanics of loser's tired old introvert-boy-falls-for-extrovert-girl plot drive its protagonists into cultural non-specificity , so that they become even less than stereotypes . they become walking wardrobes . small-town transplant paul ( a strangely static jason biggs ) , our eponymous hero , always wears his woolly hunter's cap with flaps covering the ears , and beneath it rests a parted moptop that couldn't scream " shemp " ( the lame stooge ) wig louder . he has three smug-looking roommates ( the one-dimensional trio is not supposed to be brothers , but they share similar facial features , including and especially mouths ) , and their fashion sense is incomprehensibly glam . though they're not overtly transvestites , heckerling seems to be equating flamboyance with villainy ; how very cruising of her . ( the dormies conspire to evict paul and regularly molest women they have drugged . dora ignorantly downs one of their date rape potions . unfortunately , either heckerling or the studio is too cowardly to admit if she was subsequently violated . ) when paul rescues dora from said narcotic scare , he learns that she is dating their unctuous european lit professor edward alcott ( superb greg kinnear ) . although paul's already in love with dora by this point , as is bound to happen to losers when pretty girls address them by name , he gets altruistic and pretends the flowers he bought her are actually from alcott . she's thrilled , but nevertheless spends a few days at paul's to recuperate ; the two bond over emergency kitten surgery and a broadway play ( " cabaret " ) , and just when paul's got in his head that she's starting to love him back in that non-friendly way , she decides to become alcott's live-in girlfriend . cue precious hommage to the graduate , shots of paul drifting around berkeley--er . . . ( aside : simon & garfunkel's " parsley , sage , rosemary & thyme " should never have been allowed in another motion picture . ) heckerling has a lot in common with nora " you've got mail " ephron , the only other prominent chick directing comedies today , in that neither has any use for strong-willed women . men continue to trod on dora until the bitter end ( in the final scene , she gives paul a big smooch after he blurts out his feelings in what amounts to a creepy ultimatum ) , and dora ultimately shrugs off being drugged against her will--mere hours after paul hints to her that she was poisoned , she's cheerily redecorating his apartment . ( heckerling is so laissez-faire about the issue in general that she reserves the comeuppance of the would-be rapists for jokey epilogue titles . ) goth veneer aside , there are an awful lot of girls out there who behave as erratically as dora , and enough angry young dude filmmakers to make movies about them . heckerling misses her shot at having dora transform herself into a role model , and while such arcs may not be heckerling's social responsibility , it is a privilege i would have taken advantage of if i were in her shoes . ( consider , too , that dora is the film's sole female principal . ) not that loser is worth contemplating this seriously--god knows heckerling didn't . that is her hallmark . ( --- for more first-run , dvd , and books-about-movies reviews , plus contests and the proverbial " more ! " , visit 'film freak central , ' @ http : //filmfreakcentral . net --- ) 
the best thing -- in fact , the only good thing -- i can say about dark city is that it made me want to go see l . a . confidential again . or go rent body heat , to see william hurt do some real noir . or even -- god help me -- palmetto . alex proyas's new movie screams atmosphere . i screamed , too , " get me out of this theater ! " new line cinema spent millions of dollars creating the expressionistic film noir visuals and paying the actors , and doesn't have any way to get it back . i paid $4 . 25 for a matinee screening and don't have any way to get my money back , either . you'll hear a lot from other critics about the look and feel of this movie . i will admit that the cinematographers and costume designers and set artists and cgi graphics geeks all worked hard to create a stunning , nightmarish future world where it's always a late night in 1948 , complete with rotary phones and automats and fedoras . i've got news for you fellows -- i don't care how hard you worked , or how visually stunning this movie looks -- you wasted your time and mine , working on a movie without a plot , without a clear sense of direction of where it wanted to go , without a soul or a reason to care . the movie starts out oh-so-promising . john murdoch ( rufus sewell ) is lying in a bathtub in the sort of seedy hotel that in real life , would have been boarded up long ago . there is a dead , mutilated prostitute in the other room -- a surprise , as he has lost his memory . the phone rings : it's a sinister-sounding man , claiming to be his doctor , telling him to flee for his life . all well and good , right ? wrong . apparently , someone decided that the audience was just a bit too dim to figure out the intricacies of the plot . ( this is getting to be a popular assumption in hollywood . ) so , the actual beginning of the movie is not sewell running for his life , rather , it's a voice-over narration by the aforementioned doctor ( keifer sutherland ) explaining exactly what is going on and who is responsible . it's as though sam the piano player had told us that rick and ilsa had been getting it on in paris in the first three minutes of casablanca . no , wait , that's not fair to casablanca . it's more like watching a new plotline at the first of the show -- or if you want to know how i really feel , having an off-screen narrator explain that gilligan won't be getting off the island in this episode . >from here , the coherence of the plot goes down faster than ( insert monica lewinsky joke here ) . the characters just wander around the city aimlessly and bump into each other for no apparent reason , and that's what moves the plot . what we're left with is a string of unanswered questions that don't make any sense . we're given aliens with unlimited omnipotent powers , yet they forget to use them at critical moments and get themselves killed . we're given a hero who can " tune " into these same powers , yet he only uses them when it's convenient to the plot . we're given a whole long list of loose ends that go nowhere usually , critics will say that an actor playing an underwritten part " isn't given much to do . " in this movie , no one is given anything to do . sewell is given the impossible role of a man who doesn't remember anything , and plays it like . . . um . . . a man who doesn't remember anything . the aliens are tall , pasty-faced , and bald , and wear long black cloaks and fedoras to remind us that they're evil -- and there's a child alien as well , straight out of an anne rice novel . sutherland is saddled with a limp , a twitchy eye , and a breathy accent to remind us that he's in league with the aliens . to its credit , dark city boasts two impressive bits of casting . william hurt is perfectly cast as the world-weary inspector charged with catching the man who is murdering prostitutes all over the city . jennifer connelly , playing sewell's love interest , is given two all-too-brief moments on screen as a lounge singer -- and turns in the sexiest performace this side of jessica rabbit . but instead of the dogged policeman and the femme fatale given central treatment in the script ( the way they would be in any self-respecting noir movie ) they're almost tangiential to the plot , such as it is . the problem with dark city is this : it's a bad science fiction movie pretending to be film noir . the essence of film noir isn't , as proyas seems to beleive , breathy dialogue or snap-brim fedoras or tall , bald evil villains who would make peter lorre curl up in a corner . dark city has not one bit of intrigue , moral ambiguity , suspense , or anything else that keeps us coming back to the noir classics . dark city is like the intricately carved door that kate winslet floats on in titanic . it's an exceptionlly well-made and intricately designed piece of flotsam , sailing around and around the middle of the ocean , going nowhere . 
i'm not sure who the genius is who came up with the idea of comparing " disturbing behavior " with " scream . " maybe it's because they're both horror films ( kinda ) , both have hot young stars , both have an annoying alternative soundtrack , and both are aimed at the teenage crowd , which i guess includes me . but this is not the next in line with the " scream " flicks as well as the " i know what you did last summer " soon to be flicks . it owes less to " halloween " and more to kafka and orwell , which , in my book , makes for a more interesting feature . and it should have been . this is basically a rehash of " the stepford wives , " the great 70s film i never saw starring katherine ross and dealing , as i've been told , with a bunch of women who are programmed to be perfect housewives . or something like that . " behavior , " starring katie holmes of " dawson's creek , " deals with a bunch of teenagers , deep in angst , who are being programmed to be perfect teenagers . suck-ups . preppies . it actually , at least to me , sounds like it would work , and with scott rosenberg , that witty penmen who has written stuff like " beautiful girls " and " things to do in denver when you're dead " ( as well as " con air " ) , it actually sounds like it may be pulled off with the right amount of frights and satiric wit . alas , it's not , and it plumets into that little group of movies known as " the movies with potential that blow it . " i remember a film called " white man's burden " which dealt with a reversal of blacks and whites in society that did nothing with it's potentially brilliant premise . here's another one . it could be a brilliant satire on how teenagers need to go through teen angst in order to find themselves . it's a stage , and this film does in fact realize that . it gets its message across and it does it effortlessly . now it just needs to work as a film . which it doesn't . it's too sloppy and too contrived . it paints a bleak portrait of high school life . . . then lets it lie . it brings us a bunch of scary monsters who are all a bunch of disgustingly icky kiss-ups who do food drives and hang out at a 50s diner drinking milk shakes . . . then gives it a cheap twist : when they get horny , they become homicidal . isn't it scary enough that they're like this , and can't the real terror in the town be that you could be next to be just like them - not that you could be next to die ? the film introduces us two three different characters who , in the beginning , are considered outsiders because they're not ( yet ) part of this clique : the new kid , steve ( james marsden - dull dull dull dull ) , who's having trouble at home because he hasn't gotten over his brother's ( ethan embry , in quick flashes so you don't recognize him - i did ) suicide ; the renegade girl , rachel ( katie holmes , from " dawson's creek " ) , who's chief personality trait is her prominent nose ring ; and by far the most interesting kid , gavin ( nick stahl , the kid from " the man without a face " ) , who's the most interesting because he's the only character who's given some dimension . in the film's best scene , he introduces steve to every single clique , nailing each one's fetishes and hang-ups , and it's the best scene in the movie because it's witty , satirical , and interesting - something the rest of this film isn't . gavin suspects there's something awry with the preppie kids , known as the blue ribbons , and in the tradition of all conspirators , and even when he actually shows hard pure evidence to steve , he's only treated as a typical raving conspiracy buff . here , we have another case of " the idiot plot , " where not only could steve had done something about gavin and what happens to him , but he may have saved this film from being the dreary , dull film that it is without gavin , who gives it life and humor . the only other half-interesting character is the school janitor , played by william sadler as a retarded , scary guy who may not be what he seems to be . . . but really , we don't care anyway . i probably shouldn't mention that this was directed by david nutter , who's works for " the x-files , " because that would probably tarnish his reputation . like the show , he's good at setting up weird conspiracies , and creating a general creepy feel . most of this film is shot at night and with dark eerie shadows for the maximum creepy effect , and some of it works . but what this film is not so good at is coming out with a good payoff . he keeps too much inside , so much that when the characters journey to a mental institution in the third act , you wonder why they just don't get the hell out of there . i think what happens to gavin is proof enough that there's something rotten in the state of teen angstdom . what this film needs to be is a lot longer , a lot more colorful , and a lot creepier . if the best villain they can come up with is a guidance counselor ( played by bruce greenwood , an atom egoyan regular obviously just trying to pay the rent ) who still thinks he can get away with it even when most is revealed , then they need to come up with a tougher , smarter villain . if he's so villainous , then why could two dense teenagers who couldn't figure out there was something going on until it was way too late find information on him in a couple minutes ? the film , which runs about 80 or so minutes , just needs to work on these things , and become a lot less sloppy . at such a short running time and with such lame , boring characters as these , it's pretty much obvious that leaving this film leaves a horribly unsatisfied taste in one's mouth , especially mine . 
if you've seen the trailers or commercials , it's rather difficult to really figure out what this movie has in store . well , it's hard to tell after watching the movie as well . bruce willis is a resident of the future , and it is a rather bleak future . the world's population had disintigrated into a mere 200 , 000 and is no longer ruled by humans but animals . the reason ? in 1995 , an organization called the army of the 12 monkeys contaminated the world with a pure virus , thus wiping out practically the world's population in a mere month . bruce willis' character is one of the surviving few , but is enslaved by scientists , as are most of last living humans . they barter his freedom by sending him on an assignment and having him do the ultimate task : go into the past , find the leader of the army of the 12 monkeys , and kill him . well , this explanation didn't come easy . although the movie is very thought provoking of us as a people , our future and the evilo in the world , as a story it is very confusing . and dragging . i know a movie isn''t keeping my interest when i fidget in my seat or feel the need to look at my watch only to find that it's only been an hour passed . terry gilliam has a certain style that i realize many appreciate , and i haven't watched his previous work brazil , but this movie felt like it took too long to tell and yet when one realizes the end is near because it is very easy to figure out , you wish it were more complex , and not to mention that the movie is depressing is the only reason why it did invoke emotion from me . 
synopsis : two con artists find the perfect patsy in harry ( woody harrelson ) - - an inept former journalist who trips and bumps his head into a post , tries to slap a girl and gets poked in the eye , has ill-timed fits of coughing , and fails at everything he does . the story is told from harry's point of view . harry always carries around a shot of whiskey although he swears he doesn't drink . one day harry is approached by the con girl rhea ( elisabeth shue ) , who is similar to harry in that she carries around a cigarette but swears she doesn't smoke . seduced , harry agrees to participate in a money-making scheme involving faking the kidnapping of odette ( chloe sevigny ) , the teenage daughter of a rich man . turns out , it's all part of a needless , very puzzling , extremely elaborate and convoluted scheme ( it involves hiring special impersonators ) by two cons in order to fool harry , a hero who barely has the intellectual capacity of a wooden post . when the 'kidnapped' odette is found dead , the clues point to harry as the kidnapper/murderer , and the police are hot on harry's trail . harry suddenly realizes he has been framed while others have taken the ransom money . can he get out of this mess ? opinion : palmetto is a long , uninteresting film with all the wrong feel . hero harry is an inept bungler who trips up often and consistently overestimates his own intelligence . this farcical kind of character works best in an entertaining naked gun action comedy or dragnet spoof . but palmetto is played like a dark , serious , detective noir drama , and watching harry's bumbling confidence amounts to an irritating distraction . there's a lapse in concentration in the middle of the movie as the camera goes wild on breasts , buttocks , short skirts , colored painted nails , and women's legs . even when the focus is supposedly on harry and his dilema , you can always notice the side of elizabeth shue's breast forming a prominent foreground . towards the end , palmetto re-focuses on plot for the grand finale - - a confusing explanation involving impersonators , with woody harrelson handcuffed and suspended over a tub of acid as he hears the criminals' confession . if you can imagine 'shemp' from the three stooges playing the detective hero of an hbo 'lingerie suspense' thriller , that's how out of synch this movie feels . 
any movie that kills emilio estevez off in the first fifteen minutes has something going for it . unfortunately , this and the familiar theme music are the only worthwhile things about mission impossible , directed by brian depalma . the first problem is that this film has absolutely no connection with the tv show whatsoever , aside from the music . the tv show was about an impossible mission force whose deft teamwork , orchestrated by jim phelps , allowed them to counfound evil dictators of mythic banana republics from inflicting their sordid schemes upon the world . teamwork was the key . this film is set up as a cross between james bond and depalma's " blow out , " where the john travolta character was the victim of real and imagined conspiracies from all directions . it was travolta's vulnerability that made that film so exciting and claustrophobic . in this film , tom cruise is basically omniscient ( believe that ? ) and so there's no fun going on here whatsoever . the story is about as contrived as contrived gets , and is full of holes . there are basically two memorable sequences : one involves breaking into a kubrickesque computer room -- a task that could have been made much easier had the characters a whit of common sense ( suffice it to say that the alarm system is disengaged when the computer operator is in the room ) ; the second involves a high-speed train , a helicopter , and the chunnel and does not have to be seen to be disbelieved . the actors are all miscast , especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife , who cannot act , and ving rhames as a computer hacker ( ! ) , who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie . tom cruise is no james bond , and jon voight looks more like bobby " the brain " heenan than jim phelps . brian depalma's career has been bafflingly erratic . at his best , he beats hitchcock at his own game ( " blow out , " " carrie , " " body double " ) but this is not his best . the screenplay was partly written by robert towne , who wrote the best scenario of the seventies in " chinatown , " but this script is perfunctory at best , and terrrible at worst . the cinematography has a comic book red/blue emphasis , which is nice to look at , but the suspense sequences are all telegraphed and this movie even features the old " killer who talks too much before shooting thus giving the victim time to think of an escape " trick . please don't spend your money on this ; it'll only encourage hollywood to make more . 
the realm of science fiction has always been an allegory of political and or moral sensibilities . the best tales of the genre deal with mankind's struggle for survival or knowledge . such popular and noteworthy tomes as " stranger in a strange land " by robert heinlein , " childhood's end " by arthur c . clarke and " man in the high castle " and " do androids dream of electric sheep " by philip k . dick all deal with man's need for identity and struggle for self worth . hollywood has regularly adapted the milieu ( if not the message ) of science fiction since it's beginnings . most films just created fancy pulp tales with no more thought that the escapism they achieved . it really wasn't until producer george pal , took charge of robert heinlein's novel " rocketship galileo " and crafted the film " destination moon " , that 'sci-fi' ( as it is commonly referred to ) , came into it's own . from there , such diverse filmmakers as roger corman to stanley kubrick , have sought to express ideas through the medium of the genre . with the release of touchstone pictures " mission to mars " , we have an unabashedly nonchalant sci-fi film for those who read the national enquirer and the globe . the film opens on a summer barbecue , as phil ohlmyer ( jerry o'connell ) woos a young female with his tales of space glory and the upcoming mission . woody blake ( tim robbins ) and his wife terri ( connie nielsen ) commit to his coming authority on the mission , and luc goddard ( don cheadle ) consoles his son . entering the party is jim mcconnell ( gary sinise ) , who gave up command of the mission due to the untimely death of his wife , maggie ( kim delaney ) . luc consoles jim with woody's assistance . the three men are friends and carry a fine bond of trust and caring between them . but jim still longs to set foot on the red planet . the mission is in earnest as luc and his team land in the cydonia region of mars . they send out the rover to investigate the area and discover what seems to be water or ice under the surface . going out to investigate , luc and his team approach the famed 'face on mars' . a strange noise emanates from the rock . as the team tries to scan through the rock with radar , a violent wind storm erupts , creating a vortex that kills all members of the team , save for luc . back on the space station orbiting earth , woody and jim receive the information that the mars landing team is missing . luc's interference laden emergency message urges the two men to attempt a second mission to the red planet in the hopes of rescuing the previous team . the second journey to the martian world is fraught with danger . meteorite showers , explosions , and rescues all come into play as the intrepid heroes make there way to the planet's surface . the big question is , is there now or has there ever been intelligent life on mars . and if so , what is its relationship with us ? now for the bad news . the entire plot of " mission to mars " is based almost wholeheartedly on outdated and preposterous national enquirer type martian civilization tripe . the famed 'face on mars' becomes the centerpiece of the film , revealing some of the most harebrained sci-fi pabulum the screen has witnessed . borrowing ideas from such films as " robinson crusoe on mars " ( 1964 ) , quatermass and the pit ( 1967 ) , " 2001 : a space odyssey " , and even mario bava's " planet of the vampires " ( 'terrore nello spazio' ) ( 1965 ) , " mission to mars " is a hodgepodge of ideas that don't add up to a satisfying whole . while some sequences are wonderfully handled and executed , the film remains flat and un-involving . so much time is giving to establishing the lead characters in the film , but to no good use . the performances are all workmen like , with only don cheadle ( as luc ) carrying any sort of real chemistry . gary sinise is wasted in role that requires him to look as if he is experiencing sleep depravation . and the mistaken idea of having jerry o'connell ( as phil ohlmyer ) play his part for comic relief is just too painful to excuse . and the less said about tim robbins called in from home performance the better . he's just having too much fun here to give a damn . the script has a few lapses , namely that after discovering several breaches in the hull of the ship caused by a meteorite shower , no one thinks of checking the fuel tanks or the remainder of the ship for damage . this of course leads to our heroes having to abandon their rescue ship . also , when one character sacrifices himself , the character takes on a religious demeanor that is completely at odds with the situation . but the biggest offence in the film is the horrid , intrusive score by ennio morricone . subtlety is non-existent here . in fact in some scenes the music becomes so extravagant that dialogue is almost drowned out . the only sequence in which the score almost works is during the protracted meteorite shower . the pacing of the film is very leisurely . after the opening introduction of the characters ( which lasts a full 22 minutes ) , we are finally dropped onto the martian surface . then , there is another long pause in the plot for more character development , including an elaborate dance sequence in zero gravity . the film could lose about 30 minutes and actually gain some momentum . there are so many scenes of talking heads , discussing what we already know is going to happen , that it drags the film to a dead stop . the good news is that the film is absolutely sumptuous to look at . the vistas of the planet mars are majestic and awe inspiring . the design of the numerous spacecraft and suits are all expertly drafted , with a level of realism that hasn't been seen since " 2001 : a space odyssey " . the visual effects are just stunning , from the space walk sequences , to the visualization of evolution on earth . the only fault come with the martians themselves , which look more like something out of a plastic model kit than something from another world . director de palma stages some wonderfully creative scenes through out the film . the opening sequence alone in a seemingly un-interrupted cut lasting almost 15 minutes ( an homage' to hitchcock's " rope " ) , as we are introduced to all of the characters . scenes in the rescue ship , with its rotating centrifuge , are just amazing in their execution . but the nagging question , is the final explanation worth all of this sturm und drang . sadly it is not . director brian de palma has crafted an extravagant production . the set design and visual effects are all arresting . but it's the comic strip denouncement that ruin what might have been a fine return to good adventurous , thought provoking science fiction . a disappointing film , but one that might still entertain if you can settle for the visuals . 
and i thought " stigmata " would be the worst religiously-oriented thriller released this year . turns out i was wrong , because while " stigmata " was merely boring and self-important , " end of days " is completely inept on all fronts . it's a silly , incomprehensible , endlessly stupid mess . for a guy like me who grew up watching arnold schwarzenegger at his best , it's extremely disconcerting to see where the big man has ended up . for the first time in recent memory , an arnold action movie ( and " batman & robin " doesn't count ) is no fun at all . " end of days " is a major stinker . the movie opens in vatican city , 1979 . some catholic priests have observed an ancient prophecy , which says that a girl will be born on that night that satan will have targeted for impregnation . if he impregnates her between 11 and midnight on december 31 , 1999 , the world will be destroyed . the pope orders protection of this girl , though some priests believe she ought to be killed . in new york , that very night , a girl is born to fulfill the prophecy . twenty years later , we meet jericho cane ( schwarzenegger ) , a suicidal ex-cop with a drinking problem . now working as a security guard for hire , he is protecting a local businessman ( gabriel byrne ) , who is actually possessed by the devil . an assassination attempt on the businessman by a crazed former priest leads him to the girl satan is after , christine york ( robin tunney ) . recognizing elements of his own murdered daughter in christine ( including ownership of the same music box , apparently ) , jericho swears to protect her against the devil and the faction of priests looking to kill her . there are so many problems with this film it's hard to know where to begin , but how about starting with the concept ? casting arnold in a role like this was a mistake to begin with . schwarzenegger is a persona , not an actor , so putting him in a role that contradicts his usual strong personality is a bad idea . arnold has neither the dramatic range nor the speaking ability to pull off a character tormented by conflicting emotions . in other words , trying to give him dimension was a mistake . harrison ford , mel gibson , or even bruce willis could have played this role ( they've all played noble and flawed heroes ) , but not schwarzenegger . there are several scenes that attempt to establish jericho's character ; one has him contemplating suicide , another crying over the loss of his wife and daughter , and even one in which the devil tries to tempt him into revealing christine's location by offering him his old life back . none of these scenes really work , because arnie isn't up to the task . the filmmakers would have been better off making jericho a strong , confident character ( like the terminator , for example ) , the likes of which schwarzenegger has excelled in before . this one isn't at all believable the way arnold plays him . the supporting cast tries their hardest , and only gabriel byrne makes any impact at all . as the prince of darkness , he's suave and confident . he acts like one would expect the devil to act . the problem is that the script has him doing things that make no sense ( more on that later ) and that undermines him as a powerful villain . byrne out-performs arnold in every scene they have together ( including the aforementioned temptation bit ) , but this is problematic when it causes the audience to start doing the unthinkable : root for the devil . byrne's speech about the bible being " overrated " actually starts to make sense , mainly because arnold's attempts at refuting it ( mostly of the " 'tis not ! " variety ) are feeble at best . the only problem is , arnold has to win , so in the end , nobody really cares . kevin pollack plays jericho's security guard sidekick and tries to liven things up with some comic asides , but like most bad action movie sidekicks , he disappears after about an hour . robin tunney isn't given much to do except look scared . in fact , all of the supporting players are good actors , but none , save for byrne , is given anything interesting to do . performances aside , it would be really hard to enjoy this film no matter who starred in it . this being an action blockbuster , it's no surprise that the worst thing about it is the script , which starts off totally confusing , and when some of it is explained ( and not much of it is ) , it's utterly ridiculous . why is the devil coming on new year's eve , 1999 ? because it's exactly 1000 years after the year of the devil , which isn't 666 , it turns out . some nutty priest accidentally read it upside down , so the real year is 999 , so just add a 1 to the beginning , and you've got 1999 ! if you don't buy this explanation , you're not alone . it's convoluted and silly at the same time . the method by which jericho locates christine york is equally ludicrous ( she's christine , see , and she lives in new york , see . . . ) , and if that weren't bad enough , there's plenty of bothersome stuff in this film that isn't explained at all . why can satan kill everyone he passes on the street , but when it comes to snuffing out one drunk ex-cop , he's powerless ? is he impervious to only one kind of bullet ? how come he can't control jericho or christine ? and how did those gregorian monks deal with time zones in their prophecies ? a clumsy attempt at a joke is made about this , but it's never actually explained . usually , this sort of thing wouldn't matter in a schwarzenegger flick ( i mean , don't get me started on the time paradoxes offered up by the terminator movies ) , but this time the plot inconsistencies stand out even more than usual because the action is rarely exciting . there are several predictable horror film clich ? s present in " end of days , " complete with the old " black cat hiding in a cabinet " bit , not that we ever find out what the cat was doing in there . it gets so formulaic that it's possible for those uninterested in being scared to close their eyes at the precise moment a " boo " will come . their predictions will rarely be wrong . the more grandiose action sequences are utterly charmless , partially because we don't care about these characters ( due to the script's pathetic attempts at characterization and setup ) , and also because they , too , don't make any sense . there's a scene where schwarzenegger gets thrown around a room by a little old lady . it's good for a few chuckles , but not much else . supposedly we're to believe she now has super strength by virtue of being controlled by satan , but the script never sets that up , so the scene is merely silly . none of this is terribly exciting , because all the action sequences are so badly framed that it's often hard to tell why it's happening in the first place , not to mention that they're edited in full-on incomprehensible mtv quick-cut style . most of them had me scratching my head , rather than saying , " wow , cool ! " " end of days " is not only silly and confusing , but it's also distinctly unpleasant to watch . the devil apparently doesn't operate in the more subtle , i'll-convince-people-to-kill-each-other fashion outlined in the bible , but instead enjoys killing people gruesomely in broad daylight . this doesn't only make him an awfully predictable sort , but it also means that not a single scene in " end of days " goes by without unnecessarily graphic violence , or the odd kinky sexual encounter ( yet another bit that had me scratching my head ) . if violence is supposed to be shocking , it's not a good idea to throw so much of it into a movie that the audience goes numb . scenes aren't connected through any reasonable means , so a lot of the time , stuff gets blown up , or people get killed , and i had no idea why . reasons ? to hell with reasons ! let's just blow stuff up ! isn't it cool ? nope , not by a long shot . this film is thoroughly unwatchable . it's dull , interminable , and unrelenting in its stupidity . perhaps arnold needs to make some movies with james cameron to revive his career , because it's not happening with hack peter hyams here . " end of days " might have had camp value , if only it didn't top itself off with an overly pious ending that nobody's going to buy . if the movie is going to be serious , the filmmakers should have come up with a decent script . if it's going to be campy , arnold shouldn't be taking himself so damn seriously ( i didn't actually see him put up on a cross , did i ? ) , and his character shouldn't be such a sad sack . as it stands , " end of days " is just a bad movie , and an awfully gloomy one at that . 
whether or not i would be considered a trekker probably depends on whom you would ask . i have been a fan of both the original series and its recently retired follow-up , as well as the even- numbered entries in the film series . however , i have never been one of those folks who store away trek minutiae and get into debates over the relative merits of spock vs . data . somewhere along the line , the " star trek " film series began to seem more and more directed at those in the latter category , and star trek : generations may be the natural conclusion of this direction . its production values may be high , but the writing is frequently appalling , and instead of a script has a collection of references , in-jokes and ill-defined characters . generations opens in the late 23rd century , where members of the original enterprise crew , including captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) , are present for the christening of the latest ship to bear that name . no sooner is it out on its maiden voyage than a distress signal brings them to the nexus , a mysterious ribbon of energy . among those rescued from the nexus is long-lived alien dr . soran ( malcolm mcdowell ) , but he is none-too-pleased at being back in the real world . seventy-eight years later , soran is still trying to get back to the nexus , and again encounters an enterprise , this one led by captain jean-luc picard ( patrick stewart ) . soran's plan involves destroying a star with an inhabited planet , and the only hope for saving 230 million people is the historic meeting of two enterprise captains . i don't think it is an insult to fans of " star trek " to suggest that to a certain extent , the particulars of a plot are not really the most important elements in a " trek " film . it's about a chance to visit with old friends , and if they are involved in a truly interesting story it can be considered gravy . but even that interpretation assumes that characterization has to be consistent , and in generations that just doesn't happen . data ( brent spiner ) is particularly victimized by this sloppy writing . in the film's major sub-plot , data decides to use a chip which will give him human emotions , a chip he has had in his possession for over a year . what is his motivation for taking this drastic and perhaps dangerous step ? he doesn't get a joke . once the chip is in place , spiner gets to have a lot of fun with data's new emotions , but the point is that he's no longer the data we know . if the rest of the " next generation " cast fares any better , it's only because they're on the screen so little that they're simply window dressing . but then again , this story isn't really about the new crew . it's about kirk and picard , the cowboy and the politician , sharing the screen . the huge surprise is that william shatner blows patrick stewart away . perhaps because he knows this is his last go-round in the part that made him a legend , shatner looks like he's having the time of his life ; stewart , on the other hand , borders on the deferrential , and is saddled with the same lackluster motivations as everyone else in the cast . stewart's edginess is indicative of what may be a very bad sign for paramount's hopes to turn the new cast into the same kind of franchise the original cast was : these are clearly the not ready for big screen players . by contrast , the prologue which features scotty ( james doohan ) and chekhov ( walter koenig ) is the highlight of the film . these characters have become part of the popular mythology , and when they take over the enterprise in a moment of distress , it's a moment of high energy . only thirty years of history can create a moment like that , and that's time this new crew doesn't have . it certainly doesn't help that the plot they are stuck in is so convoluted and badly constructed that you need to leave a trail of bread crumbs to find your way out again . it's also loaded with little gags all aimed at those who are familiar enough with the series to turn to all their friends in a shared nudge of recognition . i wonder whether anyone who is coming in cold to the " trek " universe at this point would be anything but baffled and bored by what is going on . and what a waste of malcolm mcdowell , who could have been a great monomanical villain but should have been given a much more compelling reason for his obsession . there are plenty of details both scientific and of continuity to pick at , but to do so would be to ignore generations' major flaws . however , i would like to make one recommendation : seatbelts . not just for the enterprise crew , although you'd think by the 24th century space travel wouldn't involve rolling around on the floor during a battle . no , i think the audience might need them more . this journey is one bumpy ride . 
your first clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : it's heavily christmas-themed and its release date is , oh , say , at the end of february . your second clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : charlize theron , one of the movie's dubious stars , makes an appearance on the daily show in which , when asked if her new movie's any good , she replies with the equivalent of a verbal sigh . . . assuring us that , yeah , it sure is a movie , all right ! and there's some scenes like those you'd expect to find in a movie , and there's some action . . . and there's other . . . stuff . . . too . how to immediately grab my attention : open your movie with five dead guys in santa claus suits . then show a caption reading " six days earlier . . . " ya know , i was honestly interested to find out what killed all those poor santas . . . how to immediately lose my attention : follow your opening scene with a terminally dull nice-guys-who-don't-deserve-to-be-in-prison scene . write a line for the one of prisoners like " i just want to go home and eat christmas dinner and watch some ball with my dad . " then , have ben affleck actually say that line , on film , and forget to leave it on the cutting room floor . for good measure , throw in a poorly motivated prison riot and have affleck's best buddy stabbed . . . aw . . . and just two days before his release , too . already the cliches are piled on thick , and when it rains , it pours . how to take my attention , dash it violently against the rocks , and make it so that i'm contemplating my strategy for calling " shotgun " about an hour before i know the credits will roll : deny your characters the ability to think . have ben affleck , for some reason i'll never understand , pretend he's his dead prison buddy so that he can get his girlfriend , played by charlize theron . have gary sinise show up and force the two of them to participate in a poorly planned casino heist . the villains' big idea ? kidnap affleck because he used to be a security guard at the casino , force him to tell you where all the doors in the place are , then dress up in santa suits , create some " diversions " and rob the place . on paper , it seems like the stuff of a potential caper comedy , but veteran director john frankenheimer wrongly picks up that piece of paper and thinks he's looking at the makings for some sort of clever action-crime thriller . it's not like the man isn't capable . . . far from it . he's the man responsible for classic political thrillers like the manchurian candidate and seven days in may . he wowed me with some the most memorable car chases i've ever seen in last year's ronin . but he's certainly guilty of churning out some certifiable losers . . . put reindeer games on the shelf of shame with his 1996 version of the island of dr . moreau . step one in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : cast ben affleck in the role of the world's most generic hero . he gets no good one-liners , he doesn't get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways , and all we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wants a cup of hot chocolate and piece of pecan pie . his name is rudy ( short for rudolph , in all likelihood . see , it's called reindeer games . get it ? get it ? shut up . ) in the past , affleck has been at his best as a supporting actor , and reindeer games does nothing to further his viability as a leading man . step two in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : gary sinise's villain dresses and looks like the most standard movie crook a filmmaker could have some up with . he's dirty and potty-mouthed , he's got long , scruffy hair and a goatee , and i fully expected him to walk out of the casino carrying sacks with giant dollar signs on them . he's also extremely inept at what he does . he thinks garish cowboy costumes and santa suits make acceptable disguises , and he trusts affleck's character to pull through even after , time and time and time again , he tricks him and lies to him and nearly kills him . but instead of tapping into the comic possibilities of this role , sinise seems to think he's playing some sort of tough , smart , and smooth criminal mastermind , rather than the complete moron that was obviously written into the script . [on a side note , gary sinise wins this week's " title ! " award , as he's the one who gets to awkwardly cram the name of the movie into one of his lines early in the proceedings . last week's winner was natasha henstridge for the whole nine yards . ] how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely . this is a bad movie . and what's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not-so-stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained . 
can a horror movie truly be called a horror movie if it has no scares , suspense , or even eerie elements ? i think not , but that's what children of the corn 666 : issac's return wants us to believe . the sixth installment in the horrible , worn out series is by far the worst to date . unlike the other five chapters , children of the corn 666 is a confusing , brainless thriller that takes the psychological horror route rather than slasher horror , but either way , none of these movies are the least bit scary . the film follows hannah ( natalie ramsey ) a teen looking for her mother in gatlin , nebraska , on the eve of her 21st birthday . what starts out as a daughter in desperate search of her long lost mother turns into the story of hannah being the first daughter of the children of the corn , who roam the cornfields looking for adults to murder . that's about all that's understandable in the film , as after we learn this much , issac ( john franklin ) who led the children of the corn in a previous chapter , now an older , strange man , is looking for hannah to fulfill his prophecy . and this is supposed to make sense . really . from the start the film is unclear of where its going , not developing any characters or throwing any concrete plot details across the table , constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest hint of an individuality , and sub plots that have nothing to do with what seems to the main focus of the film . the film runs at a short 78 minutes , but it seems to be more in the vicinity of two hours , as the bleak , slow pacing makes children of the corn 666 : issac's return excruciatingly boring . plot holes are everywhere in tim sulka and john franklin's unbelievably horrible script , as nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion . everyone and everything involved with children of the corn 666 : issac's return , namely writers john franklin and tim sulka , along with director kari skogland , should crawl under a rock , and hope no one sees their horrible work of trash . the bottom line : horrible , horrible , horrible . another attempt to revive this worn out genre falls flat . and what's with that title ? the devil has nothing to do whatsoever with this film . let's pray that this is the finale in one of the worst current film series . one of the worst horror films in years . 
gun wielding arnold schwarzenegger has a change of heart by the film's end and becomes a believer in god instead of a skeptic , going through an amazing transformation by having a christian epiphany in the final scene as he becomes someone who can now beat the devil by his faith alone . . . this is after two hours of throwing people out windows and shooting more people than your average serial killer . nobody can save this bomb from it's own stupidity and arrogance in filmmaking and arrogance in believing that this is a positive religious-type of film . it's just a pile of dreck . . . an ill-conceived exploitive project , a pyrotechnical film . " end of days " aims to be an apocalyptic thriller . it features an idiotic script , a hack director , and a one-dimensional star who is past his prime . . . which makes this film dumber than dumb , plus it's not funny , not campy , or is it in the least bit entertaining . it's just dreary and unwatchable . . . a big-budget slasher film . arnold plays an alcoholic security guard who finds his new mission in life is to stop satan ( occupying gabriel byrne's body and possessing a wall st . bank account ) from destroying the world . the film opens in vatican city , roma 1979 -- where the pope is alerted by a young visionary priest tomaso , looking out at the night sky and seeing a comet whiz by , who proclaims after looking at his scrolls -- that's the sign for the 'eye of god , ' which reveals that a child has been born who is being prepared to give birth to satan's baby ( the anti-christ ) in the hour before the new century begins , when satan will fuck her and open up the gates to hell on earth . tomaso has some twenty years to find this woman and save her and the world from doom . but some in the pope's circle want to kill her if found , even though the pope insists on having faith and letting her live , as he lectures them : " even in the world's darkest days -- doing evil doesn't stop evil , but brings on more evil . " we saw the girl being born in nyc in 1979 , which seems to be the 'logical' place to look for satan according to the astrology charts of the visionaries . the chosen woman is christine york ( robin ) . it is now a few days before the new year celebration for 2000 and arnold and his wise-cracking security guard partner kevin pollack are hired to guard a wall street turd , and when he is fired upon by a renograde priest , thomas aquinas , arnold saves him and through a ridiculous chase captures the tongue less priest who fired the shot . he , nevertheless , can speak and tells arnold an 'end of days' is coming as prophesized in revelations . but satan gets to him in his hospital room and nails him to the ceiling while scribbling latin warnings of 'the end of the world' on his body . it is now up to arnold to save the world and find the chosen woman . he quickly finds christine and does everything to protect her from all the evil forces around her , as the film includes ludicrous helicopter rescues , people jumping out of windows , satan taking a piss and dropping a match to kill arnold's partner as the piss explodes like gasoline , satan being fired at . . . resulting in his sometimes experiencing pain and sometimes nothing , as if the director forgot which way he wants to have it . there is nothing spared in nyc from fire bombs -- including the subway , churches , and luxury buildings . the only trouble with all these high-budget action sequences , was that it lacked purpose and even entertainment value . the story was so terrible and inaccurate , that it did not have an iota of value or credibility . mercifully the movie drags to a final confrontation in times square , trying unsuccessfully to build tension to the countdown toward the year 2000 . why is the end of 1999 considered to be the devil's number " 666 , '' well ! . . . satan's numeral is actually " 999 , '' which is upside down of " 666 . '' accordingly , you just put a " 1'' in front of it-- and bingo -- you get " 1999 . '' with logic like that , this film might even think it pulled the wool over the viewer's eyes and got away with such a febrile explanation of the occult . this film should become a classic used by film schools in how not to make a horror film . i highly recommend seeing it for that purpose . 
i was going to see ram shrasta on the big screen last night , but before that i stopped into my video store to rent some movies . luckily , my video guy was in the middle or recording ram shrasta ! i knew it was going to be a bad print with only half-faces and poor sound quality , but i couldn't help myself . . . i got it . well , after watching it ( it indeed was a bad print ) i was glad i didn't dish out $7 to waste three hours of my time sitting in a bad theatre watching a bad movie . this movie really sucks . it had so many inconsistencies it was driving me crazy ! ! for example , how can jackie shroff grow two feet of hair in just three or four days ? jackie shroff looked really stupid with his steven seagal ponytail . the songs are bad , the acting is bad ( especially deepti bhatnagar's ) , and the direction is the worst of all . the comedy scenes with jagdish and johnny lever just made me want to throw up . i didn't even finish the movie . . . i couldn't take it anymore . note : but if anyone out there liked aatish ( by the same director ) , i guess you'd like this movie . it's practically the same except that sanjay dutt is replaced with jackie shroff . aditya panscholi is the sidekick again . ( i was going to give it a zero , but i personally like jackie shroff , so i loosened up a little . he looked fresh , wore good clothes ( as always ) , and his performance , even though it wasn't his best , was the only saving grace of the movie ) 
keep cool , a chinese film directed by semi-accomplished filmmaker yimou zhang , was one of the kickoff films for this year's hawaii international film festival . on the day it premiered , lines of eager moviegoers stretched around the block , some anticipants having queued up well in advance to get a good seat in the theater . they need not have wasted their time . the movie is billed as a comedy , but is surprisingly bereft of humor . there are noticeable attempts at laughs , but very few tries actually click . i wondered if there were jokes that i wasn't getting because i'm not from china , but unfortunately my conclusion was that this lack of humor couldn't be attributed to the cultural barrier either . keep cool just isn't very funny . the prelude to the film was a visit by keep cool's producer who , with the help of an interpreter , regaled us of how in order to get the print to the festival in time , an assistant hand carried it on the plane from china to hawaii . although the print made it , the assistant's luggage was lost . too bad that story wasn't in the movie , because it got a big laugh . qu ying , the film's female lead , was also on hand to give a few comments . however , whereas the producer politely made regular pauses in his dialog so the interpreter could bring us up to speed , ms . ying saw fit to say everything she had to say in one , fast-paced , incredibly long tirade . it was dizzying ; good foreshadowing for the film . you see , keep cool is filmed almost totally with a camera handheld by a man with a bad case of the shakes . at least that's the way it seems , since the camera is constantly moving . cinema verite is one thing , but panning and shaking around until your audience has a headache is another . although some might consider it a form which helps give the viewer an idea of the anarchic state into which chinese youth is slowly growing , i found it thoroughly distracting , and after a while , quite annoying . headache , as i said . the film is about a young bookseller ( wen jiang ) who is after a young woman ( qu ying ) . they used to be romantically involved , but the woman grew tired of him and left the relationship . the first half of the film is about the young man's plan to win her back . of course the thing is , she doesn't want to be won back , and has a nightclub owner friend of hers rough him up a bit . in the fight , the young man grabs a laptop computer belonging to a bystander and attempts to use it to fend off his attacker , but only ends up smashing it against a lamppost . we later find out that the laptop belongs to an older man who wishes to get his damaged computer replaced . there is a funny scene ( the only one in the film ) where the young man tries to use some twisted logic in order to get the older man to seek out the nightclub owner ( baotian li ) in order to recoup his losses . there is no sense to be made out of the young woman's behavior ; cold one minute , caring the next , so we feel no sympathy for her character . the bookseller would be better off without her . although the second half of the film causes us to lose a lot of sympathy for the young bookseller as well , who is obsessed with chopping off the nightclub owner's hand as revenge for the beating he took , it also offers us some nice interaction between the bookseller and the older man . while the bookseller is blinded by his thirst for revenge , the older man is the voice of reason and tries to rationalize each situation . his quest to end the dispute peacefully and equitably is the one we identify with , but it is frustrating to see that he seems to be talking to a brick wall half the time . a friendship develops between the two men , but it occurs too late in the film for the audience to appreciate . although only an hour and a half in length , keep cool contains extraneous material . the whole plot of how the bookseller is after the young woman could have been taken out , since we don't see her from the midpoint on . a case of mistaken identity or some other device could have served as the point of conflict between the bookseller and the nightclub owner , and would have saved us from the bookseller's boring pursuit during the first half . but of course , this would have shortened the movie to less than an hour . there are a few things that keep cool does right . as mentioned before , the interaction between the bookseller and the older man is generally pretty good . although it grows tiresome , the reasoning with the unreasonable is a nice exercise in logic , and represents the differences in thinking between generations . in one scene , for example , the bookseller quotes confucius to get his point across , but the older man claims the quote was misinterpreted , and that it means something entirely different . also effective is the way zhang sets up tension within a scene , such as when the bookseller is getting ready to cut off the hand of the unwitting nightclub owner . the nightclub owner is counting out money , slapping each bundle of currency on the table . with every shot of his hand , we can hardly stand the interminable wait before the bookseller is going to pull out his cleaver and exact his revenge . unfortunately , these crumbs are not enough to overcome the rest of the film's shortcomings , and weren't enough to prevent that headache from lingering after i left the theater . 
the only thing worse than watching a bad movie is realizing that the film had a lot of potential and could've been effective . such is the case with _urban legend_ , the new horror film from first time director jamie blanks . the idea behind the movie is that the mad slasher of the film muders people according to various urban legends . examples include the killer in the backseat of the car and person getting calls from inside her house . the killer wears one of those l . l . bean parkas with the hood drawn completely up , so you can't see the face . i guess halloween masks are out of style for psychos these days . anyhow , the premise is certainly a nifty one and the opening scene is spooky and atmospheric . it's a very good setup that promises more chills to come . unfortunately , the film never takes off from there . the movie takes place on a peaceful new england college campus . like most slasher flicks , this one also centers around a young female main character whose friends are slowly killed off by a knife wielding maniac ( or in this case an axe wielding maniac ) . i've always wondered why these killers don't save themselves a lot of time and trouble and just go after the person they ultimately aim to kill . after the fine first scene , the movie degenerates into a monotonous series of those annoying you-thought-it-was-the-killer-but-was-just- someone-else scares . these are always accompanied by loud bursts of music . i guess sudden , sharp music chords are what passes for terror these days . the actual killer will attack at about every third music blast . the slasher appears , attacks , the victim is eviscerated , and the tedious cycle appears anew . false scares should always be used in moderation . someone needs to tell director blanks that things like this just aren't as scary as they used to be . this movie commits the biggest sin a horror film can commit--it's not frightening . remember the horror movie cliches that were so mercilessly mocked in _scream_ and _scream 2_ ? this movie still adheres to them . tons of illogical moments about ; more than i really have the inclination to list . and i don't mean illogical in the summer popcorn movie sense . that type of illogical can be fun . this film insults your intelligence more times than i care to remember . the last 20 minutes especially degenerates into such lunacy that you'll be laughing more than you'll be screaming . actually , you won't be screaming at all . at its best , the acting can barely be called " adequate " and the script could've definitely used a rewrite or two . the film still manages to have some strong points . the killings are certainly inventive and plentiful enough to satistfy most gore fans . there are some intentionally funny moments . ( these were exceeded by the unintentional ones . ) the film is well made from a technical standpoint . besides the first part , there is also another good scene , a prolonged cat and mouse chase inside a radio station . if there had only been more sequences like this , that relied on tautness and suspense rather than loud bursts of music , _urban legend_ might've been worth your money . 
so i went and saw this film right , it was called " battlefield : earth " , i was never interested in the previews , and never too terribly interested in the book , nor do i find scientology interesting , but after reading advanced reviews of how bad this film really is , i had that weird urge just to watch it . well let me be the first to say , and so far in my view it's safe to say : battlefield : earth might be the worst film i have ever seen , yes even worse than " mr . magoo " , " blue in the face " , or " jaws : the revenge " . roger christianson whos credits include set direction , and art direction for such great films as " alien " and " star wars " , directs this film with such amateurism , that the film looks and feels and in fact sounds so dumb , that it's quite depressing . the look of the film , is dark and drabby at times , but then bright and happy at other times . the sound is terrible , and has the worst surround sound effects i've heard . the acting is nothing , the dialogue poor , and the make-up effects hideous . here's the so-called plot : earth 3000 . . . . man is a endangered species , while aliens from the planet psychlo ( the aliens are named psychlo . . . i wonder why ? ! ) are invading earth , destined to put an end to those " man-animals " to an end , and destroy earth once and for all , of course we have our typical hero ( played terrible by barry pepper , who was great in a small role in 1999's " the green mile " ) who is destined to go out , and save his planet ! one thing : he has to go up against , terl , the chief of security psychlo , who is played frankly , quite bad by john travolta , whom with dreadlocks , a big head , and green eyes just doesn't work . of course the sidekick to terl , is played by ( lol ! ! ) forest whitaker , who looks like a deformed werewolf of some kind . our friendly human johnny ( barry pepper ) looks just as bad as well , with long scraggly hair . i'm not really sure how to quite explain the badness of this film , except just to say it's terrible . everything in this film is imcomprehinsable , from the make-up effects , which by the way aren't good , to the phony looking special effects , everything in this film is faulted . in fact i don't remember one part in this entire movie where i was having a good time , or enjoying myself . in fact there is no part in the movie that i liked or enjoyed . throughout the entire 127 minute running time , i was dying , constantly looking at my watch , and hoping maybe the projectioner would blow a bulb or something , sadly it didn't . my advice to hollywood : get new scripts , new acting classes , better directors and damnit , make films like american beauty more . 
based on the novel set in 1914 by joseph conrad , victory spins a tale of a pair of lovers , heyst ( william dafoe ) and alma ( irene jacob ) , who seek refuge on heyst's isolated island . however , their idyllic world begins to crumble upon the arrival of mr jones ( sam neil ) , martin ricardo ( rufus sewell ) and their servant , pedro ( graziano marcelli ) , who have come to steal heyst's rumoured plunder . while the novel is largely complex in characterization , the film sadly transposes conrad's characters into lacklustre leads , the most disappointing being heyst himself . conrad's heyst adheres religiously to his late father's ways of detachment and isolation . his ascetic lifestyle is thrown into question when he meets alma , a helpless orchestra girl who charms him with her voice . the struggle to embrace the arrival of alma into his solitude , however , is lost in mark peploe's ( director and writer ) diluted version of heyst . without properly establishing the crucial details of heyst's character , all that is left of conrad's main character is a very shallow treatment of his internal conflict between detachment and human involvement . on the one hand , actualizing the subtext is a mammoth task ( though not impossible ) , but on the other hand , dafoe's flat acting cannot be excused as an attempt at stoicism . in the end , we are supposed to witness heyst renounce his philosophy and finally come to an understanding of what it is to love another . the final transformation , while perceptible , lacks the cathartic revelation which is undeniable in conrad's novel . its absence in the film is unforgivable . the film seems more concerned about moving the plot along when so much has yet to be said about the relationship between the two complete strangers . alma is supposed to have overcome great emotional barriers in the relationship , namely heyst's underlying philosophy of detachment , which heyst himself grapples with . the struggle against heyst's ignorance of true human involvement accounts for much of the greatness of alma's love for him . jacob , fair-skinned , gentle and yet passionate , handles the role with precision , detailing nuances where possible . unfortunately , she is let down by a superficial script . the couple's relationship develops too hastily , leaving all subtlety effaced and replaced with a blatant show-and-tell approach . all we know of the characters are mostly explained by their lines alone . this is unsatisfactory when so much of the turmoil experienced by the two stem from their buried thoughts and emotions . the sketchy handling of their relationship stands out as sorely as dafoe's american accent ( an inappropriate one since heyst spent most of his life in london ) . the other characters such as schomberg ( jean yanne ) , the owner of a hotel , and mr jones ( sam neill ) , also fall short of conrad's meticulous characterization . while schomberg should have been more menacing and vindictive , mr jones should have been portrayed as something more of an enigma . sam neil's caricature of a slightly stout , effeminate and soft-spoken gentleman-at-large nullifies the effect intended by conrad who describes mr jones as " an insolent spectre on leave from hades , endowed with skin and bones and a subtle power of terror " . poor characterization aside , kudos goes to rufus sewell for his excellent portrayal of ricardo , secretary to mr jones , a reckless ruffian capable of murder . sewell , with his cockney accent and large expressive green eyes , becomes the true terror of the unholy trinity , masterminding deceitful plans behind jones' back . at the same time , we are entertained by the foolhardiness of his plans . despite the authentic setting and marvellous cinematography by bruno de keyzer , very few images are left behind for us to savour after the film has ended . sourabaya and its surrounding islands and volcanoes may have their charm , but mean nothing once the film fails to capture the essence of an epic , which is what victory deserves to be . the delicately inter-woven complexities in the love story are lost to an inadequate production . at the end of the film , we are told that perhaps alma's victory was in teaching heyst how to love . a hollow victory indeed . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . 
poster boy for co-dependency needs patching patch adams a film review by michael redman copyright 1999 by michael redman mediocrity is a pox on civilization . in our heavily consumer oriented society , there is an enormous demand to churn out " stuff . " what would happen to our economy if we didn't feel the need to have more things ? to make us buy more , businesses need to produce a ton of product . the sheer volume of items necessitates that most of them are of dubious quality . the film industry is like any other . in order for studios to survive , they have to make money . the prevailing attitude is that more films equal more profit . some movies obviously exist only to put wares on the screen and to do that , less talented people are used . there aren't enough great directors and actors to create the number of films necessary . for some reason , it's never crossed anyone's mind that the real equation is quality films = more profit . often , mediocre films are more of a pain for the audience than the horrendous ones . at you can have a good time making fun of bad movies . i'm not suggesting that " patch adams " was tossed out just to rake in the bucks . my guess is that someone was asleep at the wheel . it features an accomplished actor and a potentially engrossing story , but it's as dull as could be . hunter " patch " adams' ( robin williams ) desire to become a doctor has an unusual genesis . checking himself into a mental institute after a suicide attempt , he discovers that he can help the other patients by clowning around . patch could be a poster boy for co-dependency . he explains that he likes devoting himself to others because then he doesn't focus on his own problems . he decides that he wants to be a physician , leaves the place and a couple of years later enrolls in the medical college of virginia . as a med student , patch's antics at the school's hospital catch the attention of his soon to be arch-enemy , straight-laced dean walcott ( bob gunton ) . the dean is so opposed to the goofiness that he wants patch kicked out of school although he's one of the top students . he writes in patch's academic file that he shows " excessive happiness . " i walked into the film knowing little about its history and wondered about its odd mechanical pacing . there also seemed to be no reason that it is set in the early seventies . then it struck me . it must be based on a true story . the movie is an adaptation of a book by hunter adams who founded the gesundheit institute , a free clinic . robin williams is an amazing actor . while he is adept at dramatic roles , his forte is over-the-top free spirits . that's what makes his failure here so remarkable . patch is exactly the character he should be best at , yet even the scene where he and another mental patient are battling fierce imaginary squirrels falls flat . something holds him back . most of the rest of the cast is two-dimensional . for a film that champions seeing patients as human beings , it's curious that the ones here are cardboard characters . peter coyote as a man dying of cancer is refreshing because he seems like a real person . unfortunately he's in the film for only about two minutes . the audience is blatantly lead by a ring in its nose from scene to scene . we're not left to our own emotional decisions : we're hit over the head with them . shaved-headed children with cancer , an elderly woman whom patch makes laugh , a beautiful woman who can't love because of her abusive history . when a group of students fix up an old house to use as a clinic in the andy hardy " hey , let's put on a play ! we can use the barn and my mom can make the curtains ! " mode , they laugh and roll around while painting each other . there might as well be giant signs flashing : " feel good now ! " " feel bad now ! " " patch " is a good title for the film . it is a patchwork of every manipulative scene you can think of . the full-of-life student fights stodgy establishment types . there's a touching death . then there's another . the film doesn't trust us to get it the first time . the dean tries to kick patch out and later he tries again . worst of all is the final courtroom bit . scary-looking old men sit in judgment of a man who only wants to help people . the room is packed with patch's supporters . williams makes a supposedly impassioned speech about the humanity of all . it has as much emotion as his earlier statement " humans are the only animal that kills members of its own species " contains truth . most of the blame must be placed with the director tom shadyac and screenwriter steve oedekerk . shadyac also directed the first " ace ventura " movie . oedekerk directed the second one . need i say more ? the real adams is to be admired for his devotion to treating patients as people rather than diseases . the film has a number of worthy messages about the state of the modern medical business with hmos and managed care . the " doctors are not gods " theme will resonate with a number of people , but it's so poorly produced that no one will care . 
here is a movie that sadly follows the hong kong-recipe of moviemaking and storytelling to the letter . these kinds of movies are marked by an eye-opening sequence that introduces us to the main characters ; a life-and-death plot in which these characters become involved ; the inclusion of a host of inconsequential characters ; ridiculous subplots , and sunglass-wearing henchmen . that is not to say that i don't like hong kong influenced movies ; however , it is quite obvious that these moviemakers haven't a clue that the american filmgoer needs more than hip-hop-talking thugs and stupid sight gags . observe the opening sequence . a band of hitmen are about to storm an apartment , led by melvin ( mark wahlberg ) and cisco ( lou diamond phillips ) . they are waiting for their partner to cut off the power so that they can storm the apartment with the help of infrared goggles . however , their partner is unsure of which cable to cut . he is undecided . this happens for about 10 seconds . the audience finds some humor in his foolishness . the lights suddenly go out . cisco is surprised and says : " whoa . . . let's go ! " and they storm the apartment in a very nicely executed sequence . the big hit of the title refers to a kidnapping that happens a quarter of the way through the film . needing cash , cisco devises a plan to kidnap the daughter ( china chow ) of wealthy japanese industrialist jiro nishi . however , the daughter is also the god-daughter of paris ( avery brooks ) , who is cisco's and melvin's boss . infuriated and insufferable , paris commands cisco to uncover the mastermind of the kidnapping . during his 'investigation' , cisco singles out melvin as the ringleader , and paris orders his capture and execution . melvin must now find a way to stay alive . by the way , do you know how the investigation takes place ? cisco's partner makes the ransom phone call believing that his call will not be traced because of a trace buster that prevents tracing . but , mr . nishi has a trace buster buster . to counter that , cisco's partner has a trace buster buster buster . but nishi has a trace buster buster buster buster . and so on . . . there is no doubt that this is an interesting world in which they live . and there are lots of issues that we'd like to know more about . how does melvin justify his profession to his fiancee ? what goes on among this clique ? why is cisco at odds with melvin ? there is actually a lot of potential material that could have been explored , but it seems that no effort is made to go in that direction , and instead we are given a not-so-engrossing plot filled with one-liners , silly sight gags , extraneous sub-plots and tomfoolery . and , i haven't even mentioned his financee's visiting parents who want them to separate , nor melvin's mistress , nor the pimple-faced video clerk demanding the return of an overdue video and on and on and on . if the big hit signals the future of hong kong style movies that are made for american audiences , then shoot me now . 
adam sandler vehicles are never anything special , but continue to make a load of money . which really goes to show the sad state of cinema today . while good comedies like rushmore , to choose a recent example , gets limited release and doesn't make a lot of money , big daddy got a huge release and has made a lot of cash . it's also nothing special and doesn't deserve the money it's making . but i digress . sandler plays sonny koufax , a unemployed new yorker with a seemingly low mental age . his girlfriend makes a ultimatum to him : either wise up and get responsible , or she's leaving him . by a strange set of events , koufax ends up with julian ( played by twins cole and dylan sprouse ) a five year old kid . after a failed attempt to impress his girlfriend with the child , koufax decides he wants to keep the child . however , social worker mr brooks ( mostel ) finds out that koufax isn't the real father and wants to take julian back . koufax along with his new girlfriend layla ( lauren adams ) fight to keep the child . big daddy really isn't that good . many of the jokes revolve around toilet humour , and supposedly we are meant to find julian and sonny peeing against a wall to be funny . there's the occasional good one liner , but these are usually strangely delivered wrong and lose most of the humour . the film , after all these silly gags , then suddenly turns sentimental , and this is where big daddy really goes from bad to hideous . the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unbelievable , and not helped by the soppy overacting . it's a poor attempt to win over the audience . adam sandler basically plays the same role he has in his last few films ( except the wedding singer . ) joey lauren adams is much , much better , and deserves a far better film than this trash . steve buscemi pops up in a funny cameo , and his scenes are pretty funny . rob schneider is also funny as a crazy delivery man . the two twins who play julian are o . k , they start out rather well , but then becoming annoying and brattish halfway through and finally turn 'all american' wholesome goodness at the end of the film , where the tear juice is turned up high . big daddy is really nothing special , and is not even worth it for a few chuckles . although it is actually well put together , with nice direction , good production design and even some montages , this professionalism can't help the fact that the script and characters are trash . big daddy is for die hard fans of sandler , and that's about it . 
`the bachelor' is one of the best terrible movies you will ever see . wading through this gooey , detestable sludge is quite the chore for even a dedicated romantic . those hoping to find some genuine charm and feeling behind this chris o'donnell vehicle should wander elsewhere ; `the bachelor' is a painfully clumsy mess strung together with a few brief moments of surprising poignancy . awaiting these moments by enduring the rest of the film is certainly not worth your time or money . although he has not quite evolved out of the stereotypical pretty-boy cocoon , chris o'donnell has an effortless charm as an actor . most will recognize him as the high-flying robin from the two latest `batman' films , but other abilities are evident behind his boyish smile . can o'donnell carry the weight of a film on his shoulders ? perhaps , if he found the proper vehicle . . . but `the bachelor' falls far short of the requirements . the actor just can't register with such a pathetic screenplay as the guiding light to success . a few instances of adorable humor aside , it becomes apparent that no one could save the festering mess that is `the bachelor' . o'donnell plays jimmie , a hopeless romantic in his late twenties who's progressing in a serious relationship with anne ( renee zellweger ) . jimmie takes anne out for dinner to the restaurant specifically used for proposals , and attempts to ask for her hand in marriage . the problem is that his proposal sucks . big time . you can tell things aren't going pleasantly , because jimmie gets the infamous ? deer-in-the-headlights' look when anne questions his approach . and then , the plot ( along with the stupidity of the movie ) thickens . jimmie's grandfather ( peter ustinov ) dies suddenly , leaving a video will behind for his grandson ( who also happens to be his only living relative ) . everybody is speechless when grandpa declares that he is passing down an inheritance in the amount of 100 million dollars to jimmie . of course , there's a catch : he must get married before his 30th birthday , stay joined with his bride for an entire decade , and produce healthy children within the first five years . the bad news is that jimmie's birthday is the following day . with anne out of town , he must find a willing bride to share his riches with . . . and within a very limited time frame . there are certainly a few worthwhile aspects of `the bachelor' . for one , the movie's approach is interesting and not dripping with clich ? . another is the colorful cast . o'donnell and zellweger are cute together , and the supporting cast tries relentlessly to rescue the film from drowning in it's own mediocrity . ustinov is enjoyable as the cranky grandfather figure , and james cromwell is sincere and effective as a wise priest dragged through jimmie's marital adventures . and now the cons : the approach may be interesting , but in trying an old-fashioned method , director gary sinyor gives the film a synthetic feel . the characters are drawn with obvious , broad strokes , and the plot is bogged down with everything humanly imaginable . yes , `the bachelor' is far more frustrating than cute . the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived . the considerable charm of the two leads is thoughtlessly wasted , along with whatever promise the film initially contained . potential goes out the window early to suit sinyor's `colorful' approach , but not a minute of this hapless drivel seems accustomed to the director's wishes . `the bachelor' becomes lost without a homing beacon to save it . you've seen the tv spots , haven't you ? o'donnell is madly rushing down a deserted street and the caption reads `what is this man running from ? ' in actuality , he's fleeing from thousands of angry brides who want to marry him and inherit his fortune ( it's one of the few enjoyable sequences in the film ) . after seeing the movie , i believe that the approaching horde could be something else . o'donnell could be running from his angry fans , who have just endured `the bachelor' , and are hunting him down for revenge . 
brian de palma , the director who bought us carrie , dressed to kill and mission : impossible is back , and has bought all his technical expertise with him . sadly , he forget to bring a good story and believable characters . nic cage plays rick santaro , a fast talking cop who is watching a boxing match with his friend commander kevin dunne ( sinise . ) an assassination takes place , and santaro tries to peace together how it took place , trying to work out the roles of the people involved in this conspiracy . the film uses flashbacks and video cameras to bring the mystery together . however , the film doesn't keep the mystery for long , and once the big 'secret' is out concerning kevin dunne , the film is at a dead end . although there are some fantastic shots by de palma , including a 15 minute steadicam shot at the start of the film , halfway through the film drops dead . the problem is that de palma doesn't have a strong story or characters to work with . he tries to offshoot this with flashy camera techniques , but pretty soon this has no effect on the audience , and i quickly got bored . nic cage and gary sinise try to inject some life into some poorly realised characters , but it's no use . they are boring , faceless , and completely unlikeable . yes , another problem with the film is that there's no-one to root for . we're supposed to be on cage's side , because his character becomes nicer throughout the film . however , his change is sadly unbelievable . poor gary sinise's character is terrible , who completely changes throughout the start , the middle and the end , in an appalling way . the film's use of flashback quickly gets boring . while clever and interesting the first few times , it quickly becomes apparent that flashbacks are being used because the film has nowhere to go . they certainly don't increase the tension or suspense of the movie . there is small thread of suspense running through the film , but it certainly doesn't make this film a powerhouse thriller , rather just a slightly below average one . the script is lousy and contrived , the characters flat and two dimensional . certainly not good factors for a film passing itself off for a thriller . the most depressing aspect of the film is that it had potential . there's a good story buried in snake eyes , it's just bogged down in razzle dazzle and flashbacks . it also gives itself away far too quickly , rather than leaving the big twist for the end . while the performances are intriguing , especially by newcomer carla gugino as a sexy 'number cruncher' wrapped up in the case , there's no way of altering the fact that snake eyes is a terminal case of style of substance , and unless you're a big fan of either cage or flash directing , should be avoided . a david wilcock review ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes 
summer movies are , by nature , dumb affairs that are usually made for some quick enjoyment and to make money . wild wild west , the latest will smith affair , follows much the same formula , except that it is dumber and less enjoying than most summer movies . will smith plays jim west , a black sheriff with a nice line in sunglasses . he is called by president grant ( kline ) to go on a mission to find out why top government scientists are disappearing . west is paired up with scientist artemus gordon ( kline again ) and the two track the missing scientists to a legless mastermind , named dr . loveless ( branagh , with a zany moustache . ) before i pile on with the many negatives in this sorry affair , i'll give it a chance with the positives . there's a nice credit sequence , the production design by bo welch is pleasing to the eye , and the special effects are decent enough . there's also a pleasant soundtrack . buried deep in the dross are one or two amusing jokes . and salma hayek pops up as the female interest , which is always nice to see . apart from these factors , though , nothing else in wild wild west works . firstly , there's little chemistry between smith and kline , who appears to be in it purely for the money . one would expect zingers passing between the two : none arise . both of them plod through the below standard plot , knowing that there is a pay cheque waiting at the end . not even kenneth branagh provides much entertainment : although he is over the top , the material doesn't present much opportunity for branagh to be truly crazy . therefore , he just comes across as loud as obnoxious . the only enjoyable performance comes from the sexy salma hayek , who is given so little screen time it's embarrassing . she appears to be in the film to merely show off her body , and be ogled at by kline and smith . her character also changes at a whim to fit the mechanics of the script , and there is no sense of realism about the character . the 'humour' in the film is also very off . will smith put a little spin to his daft lines in men in black , here , not even smith could save the humour on display . the script largely boils down to insults that aren't very funny , and one-liners that barely raise a smirk . it's also somewhat racist , although it doesn't intend to be , with one scene with jim west trying to wisecrack his way out of a lynching , and actually says slavery is good to save himself . it's not a funny scene , and the whole thing comes off rather uncomfortably . the film also makes the tragic mistake that a man ( in this case kline ) in a dress is automatically unfunny , it isn't , but the wild wild west makes this joke even more painful to watch through pure ineptness . there's also problems with the plot . jim west and artemus gordon get caught up in all kinds of sticky situations , but the way they get out of them are always unsatisfying , and rely purely on luck , rather than audience pleasing skill . plot elements are introduced into the film , and then thrown away just as quickly . the main piece of the story , a 80 foot mechanical , steam driven spider devised by loveless looks rather impressive , but there's no particular reason why it should be built . why not loveless build a great big tank , instead of an ungainly , fragile piece of machinery that's just begging to be blown up ? director barry sonnenfeld always has a breezy look to them , with some nice camera tricks , but even this is missing from this stilted affair . wild wild west could have benefited from sonnenfelds whacked out style of directing , but not much of it is evident , making this film drag out even more . it's a sad thing when _four_ ( credited ) screenwriters , a talented director and a willing star can't make a film work , and eventually wild wild west collapses under it's sexist , mildly racist , unfunny weight . 
take a look at the following equation . . . . a christmas carol+ghostbusters=scrooged yes , scrooged is the odd mixture of sentiment , comedy and horror you would get if you mixed those two elements toghether . scrooged is alternatively sick , gross , funny , and then sickly soppy . bill murray plays frank cross , a t . v executive with a horrible personality . he's evil to secretary , actors , crew , everyone , except the t . v's station's boss , of course ( played by the late robert mitchum ) however , he is then visited by a very dead exec , who warns cross that he will be visited by three ghosts , past , present and future ( who is called the ghost of yet to come , for some reason ) sure enough , they arrive , show cross how much of a s . o . b he is , and he changes his way . however , throughout this simple plot , we've got to suffer outlandish special effects , poor comedy , and an very , very mean performance from bill murray . frank cross isn't 'funny' mean , he's just mean . he also isn't very good at emotional scenes , and totally destroys the last ten minutes of the film , with an utterly desperate speech saying how great christmas is , and how he has changed . however , the supporting cast are ok , with good performances from mitchum , allen ( who plays his girlfriend ) and john glover ( who plays cross's 'partner' ) the ghost of christmas past isn't that bad either . sadly , though , the audience has to suffer 25 minutes of 'home alone' style violence from the ghost of christmas present , played by carol kane . whoever thought smacking that kane smacking murray in the head with a toaster was funny , should be fired straight away . and the audience also has to suffer bobcat goldthwait ( the guy with the annoying voice in police academy 3 , if i remeber correctly . . . . ) who , thankfully , dosen't say much . the script is horrendous . michael o'donaghue churns out terrible , bad taste jokes ( which i guess is the whole point really ) then changes direction completely to emotional scenes . and he must of been on some drug when he wrote the final ten minutes , which are awful . the special effects look nice , but do nothing for the film . there's some impressive make up effects also . the music is also good , which is scored by danny elfman . but great effects and make up don't make a great film . scrooged is an appaling attempt to inject some christmas spirit into the audience , seeing as the first 1 hour 20 minutes of the film are so depressing anyway , and the last ten minutes had to make up for it with an godawful speech . why didn't cross just look out his exec window , and ask a young boy to buy a goose for him ? overall , then , you'd have a much better christmas if you avoid this film like something that should be avoided ( perhaps a plague ) 
wow , a film without any redeeming qualities whatsoever . i'm amazed that someone thought this was a story that must be told on screen . many blacks in hollywood complain that they are not nominated for awards based on their race . i think first they need to concentrate their energy on themselves , and stop making movies which makes them look like nothing more than sex-crazed buffoons . even i'm offended by it . bill bellamy is a " player " which means he sleeps with a lot of women and lies to them . what a pleasant main character . one day , his friends decide that they want to find out how to be a player . why they decide this " one day " i have no idea . how many years have they been friends and why all of a sudden would they want to learn ? anyway , bellamy agrees to teach , and his wonderful lesson to his friends consists of letting them ride in his car while he rides from house to house having sex with women . this is the bulk of the film folks , guys riding from house to house , one keeps getting out to have sex , while the others sit in the car . since russell simmons is producer , and since the official title of the film is " def jam's how to be a player " , i was ready to be jumping up and down and stomping my feet and beating the person next to me because of the comedy . amazingly , aside from gilbert gottfried's 90 seconds of screen time , there was no comedy in the film for me to express myself in such a manner . instead of jokes , there's just an endless stream of profanity and naked breasts ( and naked breasts aren't so bad , but naked breasts alone don't make a good movie ) . be sure to bring along your ebonics to english dictionary as well . gilbert gottfried's character serves as one in his very brief appearance , asking for explanations as to what is being said . they should have brought him along for the entire film . [r] 
in the continuation of warner brother's franchise , joel schumacher has successfully killed this cash cow . what makes this film such a grand disappointment is the tremendous line up of talented people involved with the film . avika goldsman's screenplay is such a cluttered mess that there is no suspense built from one scene to another . this coming on the heals of such a marvelously written project as " the client " is such a shock that it gives rise to thoughts that the latter film was a fluke . situations are developed and executed with no thought of reason other that to get the characters from one point to another . this is most glaringly brought to point by the appearance of alicia silverstone's batgirl , who just happens to be alfred's niece . the story of dr . victor freeze is told almost completely in dialogue as an afterthought . while working on a cure for a tragic decease contracted by his wife , dr . freeze is injured during a cryogenic procedure , and becomes a man who can only survive in a sub zero environment . now of course he has become a terrorist intent on turning the world into a frozen planet where only he can live . now the logic of that little sub-plot escapes me . if mr . freeze wanted to find a cure for his wife and bring her back from the brink of death , why would he want to have her live in a world with no warmth . this is indeed a cold hearted man . the development of poison ivy is no less contradictory . she wants to breed a form of plant life that can defend itself like an animal . she joins with mr . freeze in his plan to start a new ice age , destroying all animal life , therefore giving her plant creations no reason to have the defense mechanism she had been trying to breed into them . the characters have no logic . batman of course is no longer the dark knight of the earlier films . now that he has an adoptive son in burt ward / robin , bruce wayne is trying to be a father figure , constantly spouting out homilies about family and relationships , while at the same time not really having any . george clooney tries in vain to keep from rolling his eyes while reciting the dialogue given him . to say that his performance is workman-like is to be generous . his best performances are still on " e . r . " . bruce wayne has the most unromantic evening with his girlfriend ( played by elle macpherson ) , that it brings into question bruce's latent homosexuality . there is no spark and no passion ( as there was for nicole kidman's psychologist in " batman forever " ) between bruce and anyone other than alfred . and even that relationship is very reserved . robin comes off less charismatic that in the last film in the series . now he's just a spoiled kid . in " batman forever " , burt ward wanted to be batman's partner and friend . now , robin is suffering from ego deficiency . robin's attraction for poison ivy is not believable , except for a boy around the age of 15 . his later flirtation with batgirl smacks of incest , even though they are not related in a traditional sense . chris o'donnell , once considered a rising star , successfully burns up on reentry with this performance . his robin needs nothing more than a good spanking . the less said about alicia silverstone's performance the better . this talented young actress reads her lines with all the aplomb of a dubbing actor for a godzilla film . she was cast strictly for her commercial value and she knew it . this brings us to the villains . arnold scharzenegger walks through his part with all the concern of someone waiting for payday . the most rediculous scene is during mr . freeze's imprisonment . the guards are at least a foot taller that arnold and yet fall at his hand in one of the most unbelievable fights scenes caught on film . it's almost as ludicrous as seeing michael jackson as a gang member . umu thurman struts and coos her way through her part , showing a growing discomfort with her sex symbol status . her poison ivy has all the come hither sex appeal of may west in " sextette " ( 1978 ) . the only performances worthy of notice are pat hingle and michael gough . these two seasoned veterans carry their scenes with a dignity sorely lacking from the rest of the film . without going through the intricacies of the plot , there is one question that always comes to mind with this series ( except for the first " batman " ) , and that is how do these super villains manage to hire so many thugs only to abandon them at the final reel . mr . freeze is introduced with a team of hockey playing hoodlums that seem to have stepped out of an old kiss music video . every villain ( even the minor ones ) have to have a look , no one can be an individual with day glow paint on their face or some sort of elaborate costume . with this film , warner brothers has succeeded in retrograding the series back to it's tv incarnation . the only thing missing from the action scenes are the superimposed titles detailing the pows ! , gwaaaa's , and clang's associated with the old series . you almost wonder if william dozier , producer of the tv series is collecting royalties from this film . the special effects ( by john dykstra ) and production design ( by barbara ling ) are the primary stars of this film . and it is a case of extravagance in the pursuit of nothing . every set , from ivy's lair , the batcave , to freeze's hideout is set with enough neon and fiberglass to keep the epa in paperwork for years to come . there is no one realistic set or set piece in the film . everything is set for maximum exposure . the special effects have that strange cartoon look that most rushed cgi effects have . there are homage thrown in by dykstra and his team to gene warren and his work on " the time machine " ( the growing plant scene ) but these scenes are so wroth with glaring color and art that they are almost obscured . joel schumacher has directed the film with no flair . camera angles are poorly chosen rehashing set ups from the old tv series . master shots pepper the action scenes , destroying any flow of kinetic quality they may have had . mr . schumacher is a good director . one just has to look back on the films " the lost boys " , " cousins " ( an underrated film ) and " the client " to know that . but " batman and robin " comes off as a mated made for tv movie . the film has no style of individuality . it is the cinematic equivalent to jell-o , pretty to look at , but empty . it is unfortunate that this film , even with it's surprisingly strong box office has succeeded in doing what warner's thought tim burton would do with the franchise . kill it . joel schumacher's " batman & robin " is loud , colorful , action packed , and ultimately . . boring . stars . 
when respecting a director , you must also respect the fact that they are not perfect . woody allen has made a couple less-than good films , and he's my favorite . even martin scorsese hasn't had a perfect track record . kevin smith , after a smashing debut with the classic " clerks " stooped as low to sell-out and make the dreadful " mallrats . " i mean , so far the only director who's made several films , none of which have been bad is richard linklater ( " slacker , " " dazed and confused , " " before sunrise , " and " suburbia " . . . all which were great ) . now , i adore quentin tarantino . his first two films were classic films , the second one being one of the greatest films of all time . but 1995 just wasn't that good of a year for him . he made way too many tv appearances . he mispronounced jackie chan's name on the mtv movie awards . and he made this film . ( he was also awarded an oscar , so i guess that would be a grand exception ) . robert rodriguez is also a great director ; not a brilliant one , but a cool one . i've never seen an alexandre rockwell or allison anders film , so i can't comment on them . but in this crap ensemble director's film , all four give pitiful efforts . pitiful for any director , too . now in all fairness , ensemble director pieces never really work out . i've never seen all of " new york stories , " but have heard the first two films , by scorsese and francis ford coppola are crap ( i saw woody's one , which was hilarious but not totally up to par ) . but i will rate each film individually and then report back to you on the overal average score of the film . exposition : a simple one - a bellhop , ted ( the totally overdone tim roth , who's a god and all , but not in this one , though he has a couple good moments ) is working on new year's eve for his first shift ( ! ! ! ) in an old fancy hotel . he's the only one there ( again : ! ! ! ) and he only has a couple rooms ( yet again : ! ! ! ) . the old bellhop ( the seemingly immortal marc lawrence - who hated pulp fiction actually ) hands over his cap to ted and he goes to his job happily . as the night goes on , he becomes increasingly annoyed and hostile . yea . ( the short films are presented in order , btw ) : the missing ingredient writer/director : allison anders starring : sammi davis , amanda decadenet , valeria golino , madonna , ione skye , lili taylor , alicia witt this one starts it off horribly with no plot , no intrigue , and crap dialogue . the situation is so terrible that it's physically painful to watch . the plot has something to do with a coven of witches needing sperm to bring back a godess who is ( gasp ! ) stuck inside some object in their hotel room . the witch that was supposed to bring it ( ione skye ) calls up ted and asks him if she can perform fellatio on him to get it . yeah , that's what i said . stupid plot , inane characters who aren't interesting at all , etc , etc , etc . the only good thing about this is it has a good cast which , in turn , it wastes pitifully . not even actually funny for a second . my rating ( out of 5 ) : no stars ! ! ! ! the wrong man writer/director : alexandre rockwell starring : david proval , jennifer beals and laurence bender another bad little film with another stupid sex thing going on . ted stumbles into the wrong room or something and gets in the middle of a couple ( david proval and jennifer beals in her attempt at " coming back " ) who are playing sex games . ted tries to escape and we cheer him on so it will end soon . but at least this has a bit of comedy in it , just not that much . and david proval has never overacted as much . and it's " pulp fiction " producer laurence bender who gets to puke from a window . a masterpiece compared to the first one , but still . . . the misbehavers writer/director : robert rodriguez starring : antonio banderes , tamlyn tomita , lana mckissack , danny verduzco , salma hayek would a robert rodriguez film be the same without salma hayek's navel ? nope . luckily she's on the tv dancing so we get to see her . surprisingly enough , when i read the screenplay ( about a year before actually seeing it ) , this one seemed to have the most potential . it was fast-paced , funny , and well , funny . but when i watched it , it seemed anti-climactic and only seemed to gain any momentum towards the end when everything happened at once . antonio overacts nicely and the two kids ( lana and danny ) are funny . but , as i said , it moves slowly and in that way , it's more painful than funny . but the ending was stupid and funny at the same time . oh ! the plot : antonio is a supposed gangster ( assumed , really ) who leaves his two troubling kids home while he and his wife ( tomita ) go out to get drunk at a new year's party . antonio hires ted for a couple bucks to watch his kids all night long , but things go wrong . . . it was okay . the man from hollywood writer/director : quentin tarantino starring : quentin tarantino , bruce willis , paul calderon and jennifer beals ( again ) ironically , this one could be considered the best for a bad reason : it best represents what quentin has done with this film . he plays chester , a spoiled brat actor or something who has just had a huge box-office hit on his hands and is living it up by playing an anti-climactic game from a hitchcock tv episode starring steve mcqueen and peter lorre where they gamble to see if one of them can get light from his lighter ten times in a row . they're drunk and need sober but nervous ted to hold the cleaver and bring it down if the lighter doesn't light . they also pay him a lot of cash . this is so much exactly what this little film is about that it's campy . tim roth was probably payed a lot of money to do this stupid part in this stupid film made by a bunch of people who are high on themselves 'cause they've had hits , major or minor . it took quentin to realize that . but the thing is , it doesn't seem like he realizes that . if he did , i'd give this a good 3 stars . but this sucked . it was anti-climactic and the dialogue wasn't very good . he starts off with a very long steadicam shot then goes to flashes . that makes no sense . it's cool for a while , then he makes it uneven . it's long and it's just not very good . hopefully quentin never repeats what he did with this one . conclusion : what's the moral here ? if you've made celebrated films , don't do an ensemble piece . they should have re-watched " new york stories " and then stopped in their tracks . none of these have any point to them and they're embarrassing to not only the writer/directors , but to the actors 'cause they're working with crap . but i will forgive everyone involved and i especially look forward to quentin's next directing job ( even though he and rodriguez jumped back to the top immeadiately with the cool " from dusk till dawn , " which i found exhilerating ) . i love quentin and i suppose it's good he made " the man from hollywood " because it makes him seem more realistic and not some " god of cinema . " i seem to respect directors if they aren't " gods " and are actually human beings who make mistakes . " the man from hollywood " is his big mistake and let's hope he doesn't return her continuously . 
an american werewolf in paris is a failed attempt to recapture the humor and horror of john landis' 1981 feature , an american werewolf in london . where the original had comedy , the sequel has the kind of revolting silliness that can be found in tv sit-coms . where the first installment had chills , this one has sequences that are inappropriately , unintentionally funny . in short , while an american werewolf in london has become something of a minor classic in its genre , the woeful an american werewolf in paris seems destined for late nights on cinemax ( it even has the necessary gratuitous nudity ) . the film opens with a trio of daredevil americans -- andy ( tom everett scott ) , brad ( vince vieluf ) , and chris ( phil buckman ) -- sneaking up to the top of the eiffel tower to drink wine and do a little bungee jumping . soon they have company in the person of serafine ( julie delpy ) , who has decided to end it all . she jumps , but andy , with a bungee cord attached , goes after her , and manages to save her ( at the price of a major headache ) . serafine disappears , but a smitten andy seeks her out . however , once he learns his would-be girlfriend's dark secret , he wishes he hadn't . she's a werewolf , cursed to change into a hideous beast when the moon is full , and , to make matters worse , he has suffered a nasty bite himself . actress julie delpy is far too good for this movie . she imbues serafine with spirit , spunk , and humanity , which gives us an emotional stake in the character's fate . this isn't necessarily a good thing , since it prevents us from relaxing and enjoying an american werewolf in paris as a completely mindless , campy entertainment experience . delpy's injection of class into an otherwise classless production raises the specter of what this film could have been with a better script and a better cast surrounding her . delpy's previous credits include such memorable ventures as krzysztof kieslowski's white and richard linklater's before sunrise . she was radiant , charismatic , and effective in both . given the nature and level of the material she has to work with here , she gets as close as possible to those adjectives . it could be argued that delpy is the only reason to see an american werewolf in paris , but even her most devoted fans should consider giving this one a miss . and if your primary objective is catching a glimpse of her in the buff , check out either killing zoe or the passion of beatrice -- those movies have intelligible plots in addition to breasts . the rest of the cast acts at a level considerably below that of delpy -- which is to say , they give performances appropriate for the screenplay . tom everett scott ( that thing you do ) plays the lead like he's in a made-for-tv movie . it would be kind to call him bland . actors vince vieluf and phil buckman , as andy's friends , are no more impressive . julie bowen ( happy gilmore ) is suitably fetching as werewolf meat . and respected french actor thierry lhermitte has a brief turn as another monster meal . on the technical side , it's all bad news . the computer-generated werewolves look painfully unreal . the creatures would probably have been more believable had they been men in wolf suits . repeated use is made of the " werewolf cam " , an infrared wolf's point-of-view approach that's interesting the first couple of times it's employed , then becomes tedious . and the soundtrack includes some alternative grunge rock tunes that clash violently with the on-screen action they're matched to . director anthony waller , who displayed a confident , edgy style in mute witness , stumbles with this material , never being able to make the comedy and horror elements gel . as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel since the howling ii : your sister is a werewolf . ( i will give waller credit for killing off a dog , though -- something that's rarely seen in movies these days . ) an american werewolf in paris is marginally entertaining in a " bad movie " sort of way , but that's a dubious distinction . ultimately , it's an unfortunate effort , for , while it isn't unbearable to sit through , it isn't a howl , either . 
running time approximately 1hr 40mins reviewed by jack choo rating : the movie starts with a rather se7en-ish opening sequence , rather cool and sets the mood for things to come . the story propels the audience into a neo-reality ; somewhat very close to conscious reality but laced with weird tinges of blue and red . existenz is actually the name of a new virtual-reality game . supposedly , vr games are highly popular as is considered a legal-drug in this neo-reality . * * * * ( leigh ) is the ultimate game creator and introduces her ultimate game-experience in the form of existenz . players are required to have bio-ports embedded in their spine , which plugs to a game-pod in order to enjoy the immersive experience . during a secretive beta-testing-cum-teaser meeting for this new game , an assassination attempt on * * * life occurs and she runs off with fellow bodyguard * * * ( law ) . * * * is more of a realists than anything else , afraid that he'll lose reality if he begin to play these games but * * * requires his help to immerse together with her into existenz to check if the program is still functioning properly after the assassination attempt . as they soon discover , they are transported between realities within existenz uncovering more than they initially expected . existenz has all the cronenberg-gore that is expected of him . even so , this film is no-where near his cult classics such as videodrome or scanners . not even half as suspenseful as the commercially successful the fly . existenz can probably be looked upon as his 90's version of videodrome , even so , it is a poor follow-up . while in most of his famed films , his penchant for gore always hit the right note with theme of the film and plot . in existenz , the gory sequences are no more attached to spirit of the film and seem to be an act of over-indulgence than anything else . jennifer jason leigh and jude law , both commendable actors , looked aloof and miss-directed throughout the entire film . the scripting and acting barely pulls the film out of the b-grade category . it was obvious that cronenberg worked on a really tight-budget and it seems that he handled that pretty well in the production design and values created for this film ( the opening sequence , though , probably formed a considerable portion of the budget ! ) which is actually quite good . existenz is too predictable and cliched in these times . 10 years ago , it would have been another classic for cronenberg . cronenberg fans however , ( those people who enjoy seeing friends getting queasy over mutilation on film ) should not give this film a miss as some form of appreciation can still be offered by you . 
miramax " disinvited " on-line media from press screenings of scream 3 . they ostensibly feared that folks like me would write spoiler-filled reviews and post them prior to the film's february 4th release date-unsound reasoning . you see , 'net critics established enough to be on any sort of vip list are professionals-miramax surely knows the difference between a member of the on-line film critics society ( ofcs ) and the type of fanboy who posts spy reports at ain't it cool news . no , the ? mini major' was afraid we'd let a bigger cat out of the bag than whodunit , that scream 3 is a dismal conclusion to the beloved ( by this writer , at least ) franchise . something smells rotten in the state of california right from the get-go : cotton weary ( liev schrieber ) , the former lover and would-be killer of maureen prescott , sidney's mother , is juggling phone calls in his luxury car . ( once considered a danger to society , weary now hosts his own talk show , " 100% cotton " , a clever , if dated , jab at american pop culture . ) of course , a new ghostface dials him up , and , with memories of scream's unbearably suspenseful prologue in mind , we immediately wonder , where is the killer ? the backseat ? the next car ? thrilling prospects , to be sure , but actually , ghostface is at the weary residence , waiting for cotton's girlfriend ( kelly rutheford ) to finishing showering . what's missing from this sequence , and indeed scream 3's remaining frights ( most disappointingly , the moment when an ingenue is forced to hide in a wardrobe room filled with ghostface costumes , one of which might spring to life ) , is an elaborate and attenuated payoff . our other surviving regulars have become estranged . sidney ( campbell ) is living a paranoid existence of electronic gates and password-protected locks , while dewey ( arquette ) acts as technical advisor on the second sequel to scream 2's movie-within-a-movie , " stab 3 " , and gale weathers ( cox arquette ) headlines a gossipy news program . murder reunites them , as knife-wielding ghostface stalks the set of " stab 3 " , imitating its sadistic screenplay-and his/her/their own personal draft climaxes with sidney's death . the appeal of ghostface's villainy is that he/she/they could be your boyfriend , your classmate , your next door neighbour . . . or a combination of people . scream was the first of its kind : a slasher mystery , with the guessing game not only entailing who will be next , but also who is/are the perpetrator ( s ) and what is/are his/her/their motive . ironic self-reflection aside , parts one and two stand out in a crowd that includes umpteen friday the 13th and halloween flicks because there's at last articulate human beings behind the iconic costume . with scream 3 , the novelty of ghostface's ever-mutating identity has worn off some , but the character remains conceptually potent . conceptually . the execution of ghostface's master plan this time around is creaky , because screenwriter ehren kruger has invented a new mythology for the world of sidney prescott far afield from what we'd come to understand in scream and scream 2 . the movie gets in the silly habit of saying " all bets are off ! " in reference to the " rules " of a trilogy's third act , but there's a difference between rule breaking and cheating . with the departure of kevin williamson , who authored the previous screams as well as a tidy outline for scream 3 ( that , for reasons incomprehensible to me , was ignored , save the notion of " stab 3 " ) , kruger needed to be reined in tighter , and by wes craven . craven's direction of scream 3 is lazy in most respects . how else to explain the jay and silent bob cameo ( the slacker duo of kevin smith movies ) , akin to seeing mickey mouse pop up in mulan and more distracting than funny . it pains me to write this , but scream 3's comedy is generally laughless , with the exception of well-timed performances by josh pais ( as a police detective possessed of the same personality he had as a persnickety teacher in craven's music of the heart ) , jamie kennedy ( resurrecting film geek randy for the sendoff he was denied in scream 2 ) , and parker posey ( through sheer force of will as a b-actress ) . the visuals are much weaker in part three , as well-the occasional sweeping gesture of peter deming's camera is a pale imitation of the stalking steadicam craven gave us twice before . ( aside : in the wake of columbine , craven toned down the violence significantly for scream 3-why the sanctimony , when scream and scream 2 are still readily available on video store shelves ? ) finally , marco beltrami's music cues the suspense too blatantly-do you recall the tense chase at the college radio station in scream 2 ? it's mostly silent . sting notes are a whole lot more effective if they spring from nowhere ; here , they act as the crescendos of an incessantly nerve-jangling score . i look at scream 3 as coming from an alternative universe , the same place that birthed the godfather part iii and superman iii-woefully out of synch with its prequels , scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmarish , and will likely put the horror genre back in mothballs . the film unintentionally follows the unspoken rule of a trilogy to a t : ? part three must disappoint' . 
the original _babe_ was my favorite movie of 1995 , a sleeper hit that transcended its target audience . being a surprise commercial and critical success , it had no marketing tie-ins , which limited its final take . thus , babe 2 arrives , with a budget greater than the money made in babe 1 . plush dolls , vending machines hawking t-shirts , and macy's thanksgiving day balloons arrive for holiday money-grubbing . too late . this is a sad review to write , because babe 2 not only does _not_ live up to the original , but it doesn't even come to a fraction of it . i shouldn't expect that sequels to modern fairy tales to match their predecessors' magic , but this film tries too hard , and loses its charm . consider a driver applying the accelerator with great intensity , unaware that his car is in neutral . imagine with me , if you will , _scream_'s jamie kennedy , explaining the " rules " for sequels like babe 2 . ( 1 ) there must be _more_ talking animals . ( 2 ) there must be _more_ slapstick comedy . ( 3 ) there must be _more_ songs for those mice to sing : that's cute . ( 4 ) keep the story cards to break up the action : that's cute too , even though " the pig gets wise " made no sense , given the context of that story partition . ( 5 ) there must be action , however illogical , that will conjure up pivotal scenes from the original : the trademark song that nobody remembers the words to , the baa-ram-ewe secret code , the " that'll do , pig . that'll do . " now throw in the limitations : ( a ) james cromwell , now a hot commodity , has limited time on the set ( or maybe he didn't approve of the script ) . ( b ) christine cavanaugh , the voice of the original babe , demands more money ( $200 , 000--paltry considering the $80 million budget ) . out . e . g . daily comes in with noticable results . ( c ) george miller , the director , is more well-known for his dark futuristic mad max films and his twilight zone segment , not for kiddie fare ( and no , he didn't direct that _andre_ film in '94 ) . ( d ) the special effects are impressive , _but limited_ . babe talks , but most of the time from a single shot , repeated over and over again . ( babe is center screen , looking straight into the camera , with a happy smirk--regardless of whether he's happy , or scared , or tired ) . season now with the " original " elements , which , as we will find out , are straight from the screenwriting-is-hell bin . ( i ) change the venue into " the big city " . this has been praised as wildly original . excuse me : didn't _home alone_ do this several years ago ? how about the muppets ? even _the bad news bears_ travelled to tokyo . sorry . no dice . side note : to give the city a fairy-tale look , george miller crafted a fantastical fantasyland that merges the landmarks of the world's great cities , and yes , it _is_ impressive . but this too is over-used , repeating the same view over and again on multiple occasions . and , for the most part , babe _remains in the hotel_ . ( ii ) given the limitations of cromwell , the human element is taken over by " the boss' wife " played by magda szubanski . s-t-r-e-t-c-h . she's not a lead actress-type , she's not funny enough in her physical comedy , and she's simply embarrassing in some of her pratfalls . ( have her arrested falsely on drug charges ! have her accidentally incite a riot with biker dudes and scantily clad babes ! have her bounce around on a bungee cord at a prestigious benefit dinner ! ) i was hoping for a little smirk during these scenes , but i felt sorry for the embarrassment that she put herself in . i am restraining myself from talking about the dark nature of the film , the violence , the scene where a pit bull dangles from the bridge , head submerged underwater . even the best fairy tales have a bit of the macabre in it , as the brothers grimm have demonstrated . no . . . my problem is with the story , or lack thereof . _babe_ is sent out to save the hoggett farm , but once in the city , that story is forgotten . being a good-natured pig in the midst of the cynicism of his environs is nice , but , other than rescue that aforementioned pit bull , what did babe actually _do_ ? without giving the ending away , the farm is saved from a left-field quirk that had nothing to do with the pig . speaking of " pig " , or , " pig-pig-pig-pig-pig ! " . the word " pig " is so overused , had they changed it to an expletive , and had the pig be al pacino , i could have been watching _scarface_ . this is screenwriting ? further , i cannot explain the deep gnaw at my gut in the many scenes where accidents happen to good people in fantastically elaborate setups . had it been a cartoon , and the victim be an equivalent of elmer fudd , maybe my reaction would have been softened . but to farmer hoggett ? his wife ? an elderly mickey rooney ? much too irreverent . ( " quick ! splice those singing mice into those scenes ! " ) . the film isn't a colossal failure . i did like glenne headley's schmoozy chimpanzee . i liked the pink poodle . the dog on the cart , who momentarily thinks he's in dog heaven . and a weird looking guy who may have been doubly-cast as an airport employee and a judge . but most of the time , i was looking down , in boredom , or in embarrassment over the hacked-up script . them singing mice , those chapter partitions , the proficient acting of the animals-- none of these can compensate for a story . let me spoil the final scene : farmer hoggett looks at pig , proud , says " that'll do , pig . that'll do . " that's it . hope i didn't ruin it for you . but tell me this : what the heck did that pig _do_ ? 
when the film features richard lynch in the role of chief villain , you know that you can expect nothing more than a b grade action movie . however , since this film also featured michael madsen , more than capable character actor , this time in the role of protagonist , the author of this review decided to give the film some benefit of the doubt . however , the very first scenes show clear b grade action credentials - madsen plays richard montana , tough policeman who raids a drug warehouse and make life miserable for local crime lord mario gio ( played by lynch ) . however , the raid was only partially successful , and montana is getting the rap . so , he begins his own private war against gio , trying to penetrate his organisation pretending to be corrupt . in the process , he meets gio's mistress gina zamora ( played by rosie vela ) and starts relationship with her too . although it doesn't stink like many of the similar films can , inside edge is mostly forgettable b grade action routine . nobody in this film actually puts much effort , including madsen or lynch , and this is especially case with uninspired screenwriter william tannen or director warren clarke . the only not so forgettable element in this film is presence of former supermodel rosie vela , who , apart from showing her more than impressive looks , shows some of the singing talent too . however , this isn't reason enough for viewers to spend hour and half watching a film that they would , in most likelihood , forget the next day . 
well lets see . . . i'm not quite sure how to review this film , based on its laughter factor . well yeah i can , it's not funny . ok so i laughed one time which warranted the 1/2 star , but other than that i sat in my seat wondering when this pos would be over , ( which at a running time of 107 minutes seemed like forever ! ) . in fact , this could be the un-funniest movie i've seen in a long time , if not the un-funniest . let me be the first to say " ready to rumble " is a huge disappointment . long time wrestling lovers ( david and scott ) dream of making it to the wcw , and watching jimmy king wrestle . that is their hero of course , whom is kicked out of the wcw . well here is where the plot thickens ( lol ) : the two wish to rescue the king , and put him back into the wcw but not that easily , because they are being tampered with by many people who are out to get them , while david's father wants him to become a police officer , and scott is a loser who has to with the help of david clean out johnny on the spots . what a plot eh ? " ready to rumble " is one of those films that tries to be funny , but sadly fails miserably , everything in the film is imcomprehinsable , and even the trailer wasn't funny . the actors are dull , the script awful , and the plot which there isn't much of . . . . really annoying . i'm not quite sure how great actors like these , and very funny actors too , are given such a lame script , and directed in such a childish manner , that i wonder if hollywood is ever gonna make good films these days . this review isn't going to be very long because of the fact that there isn't much going for the film , if anything at all . only one big laugh is in the film , which isn't all that hilarious . i sat in my chair wondering with this 107 ( ! ! ! ! ! ) minute " comedy " was going to be over , and sadly it went on forever . i'm not sure if anything could have saved this film from being such a total waste , but believe me you , it is . reviewed by brandon herring 4/29/00 for more reviews please visit movie review central at http : //www . geocities . com/moviefan983/moviereviewcentral . html 
written by david j . schow and john shirley , based on the comic book series and comic book strip by james o'barr . cast brandon lee , ernie hudson , michael wincott , david patrick kelly , rochelle davis , and jon polito . mpaa rating " r " ( presumably for rape , language , and violence ) running time 100 minutes " looks like he zigged when he should've zagged . " - ernie hudson , as a police officer commenting on a suspicious death . comic book translations are notorious tricky-- anyone up for a double-bill of the punisher and captain america ? -- and the crow proves no exception . despite a gross of good intentions , brandon lee's final film doesn't fly very high . the story opens on halloween eve , better known as devil's night . wilmington-as-detroit is in flames and the police are tending to at least * one * murder : young rock-musician-turned-pavement-artist eric draven ( lee ) , found on a sidewalk six-stories below the apartment he was thrown from . the cops are also upstairs , administering aid to his fiance who was assaulted and raped and not necessarily in that order . she dies , the perps . escape , and , exactly one year later , draven rises from the grave to wreak revenge . sound familiar ? unlike charles bronson , whose only known superpower involves an inability to refrain from filming death wish sequels , lee's character has supernatural strength and amazing agility and can even reheal from gunshot wounds faster than robert patrick in terminator 2 . by his side is his crow , the presumable source of his powers as related in the narration . wearing what appears to be alice cooper's leftover make-up , lee is plopped into an underlit urban landscape that was obviously modeled after batman and blade runner . but no number of red-lit , rain-soaked streets can compensate for cheap fx that make the crow seem closer to darkman than batman . ( the glaring miniatures should show better on video , though . : ) a nod to darkman is an insult to sam raimi , though , because alex proyas can't film a decent action scene to save his life . his two " best " set-pieces-- some banzai board-room butchery and a cool church- roof sword fight-- are also undercut by the awful editing of dov hoenig and scott smith . blame said editors for the film's frightful flashbacks , as well . but the pace is quick , thank god , and every good-idea-turned-bad is over before it begins . the cast is better than it should be . ernie hudson is a good choice as a friendly policeman and he gets off most of the film's funnier lines . newcomer rochelle davis does well as both the narrator and draven's scrappy ward . jon polito has a small , succulent role as pungent pawnbroker . and michael wincott makes a distinct impression as a long-haired mr . big whose collection of ancient-swords makes him seem like he walked into the film from the trailer to highlander iii . there can be only one . finally , there's brandon lee , son of bruce lee , and a 28-year-old rising-star who was fatally shot during shooting . lee had four films to his name-- kung fu : the movie , laser mission , showdown in little toyko , and rapid fire-- and the crow would've been a nice feather in his belt and that's about it . there's nothing great from him here-- just a good performance that owes as much to presence as ability . when the echo of that gunshot finally fades , watching the crow should prove an even * less * remarkable experience . despite a healthy dose of humor and some surprising sincerity , the crow is still just a couple notches above its straight-to-video brethren . for now , maybe it's an appropriate eulogy to an actor who could only get better . 
" idle hands " is distasteful , crass and derivative . if an original thought found its way into this horror-comedy it would die of loneliness . plus , you have to question the judgment and sensitivity of studio executives who would green light the release of a movie dealing with the slaughter of innocent teen-agers the week after the tragedy in littleton , colo . the movie is insulting to horror film fans and teen-agers . the plot , what little there is , deals with anton ( devon sawa ) , a high-school slacker who's hand goes on a murderous rampage after becoming possessed . along the way the hand kills anton's parents and his two best friends . the friends , also slackers , are so lazy that they return from the dead because the walk into the light was too far for them . that is the level of this's atrocity's humor . the movie treats death as a joke . " idle hands " is gruesome and morbid . the performances are stereotypical and cartoonish . i realize this is supposed to pass for comedy , but recent events have surpassed what is on the screen . it is not the fault of the filmmakers that real life has overtaken reel life . and i can only presume that the writers of " idle hands , " terri hughes and ron milbauer , were trying to make some statement about today's young people and their values in a satiric vein . however , it's hard to laugh at death these days , especially ones involving young people . with the real horrors of the world put before us on television , a stale pastry such as " idle hands " should be held from release for a few weeks or months to give us time to catch our collective breaths . " idle hands " is bad , no matter the circumstances in the world outside . but the context of recent events only heightens its shortcomings . the time is not right for this type of movie . and as far as " idle hands " goes , the time may never be right . this is a movie that shoud be consigned to the trash bin of cinema . 
2 days in the valley is more or less a pulp fiction knock off . it basically involves how a bunch of quirky characters in the los angeles area end up having their lives become intertwined in some very unusual ways . i'm not going into much greater detail than that , since it would take forever to explain , and quite frankly , i'm not willing to spend any more time on it than the 2 hours that i've already wasted . while it tries very hard to be pulp fiction , 2 days in the valley falls way short . this is quite a condemnation considering the cast includes danny aiello , james spader and jeff daniels . while the story isn't much , and the dialogue and characters rate only marginally better , 2 days in the valley does have a couple of bright spots . james spader's character , while not much better than the rest , is at least fun to watch in a sick sort of way . and we do get to see a nice cat fight between uber babes teri hatcher and charlize theron ( in her first role ) . you know a movie isn't that good when the highlight is a brawl between two women . even if they are both gorgeous . i will give the writers some credit for the fairly clever ways in which they managed to intersect the lives of this group of characters that would have otherwise never interacted . but marveling at that ingenuity is a far cry from actually enjoying the result . while some of the characters and their respective stories are fairly interesting , they inevitably are brought down as they intersect with the other half of the characters that i really cared absolutely nothing about . if i were to put a number on it , only about half of the story and half the characters in this movie were particularly interesting or otherwise enjoyable to watch . this is the sort of movie that only a huge fan of one or more of the cast members should rent , and even then prepare for disappointment . not even charlize theron being naked would get me to sit through this movie again . or at least not all of it anyway . 
" the 44 caliber killer has struck again . " starring john leguizamo , mira sorvino , adrian brody , jennifer esposito , michael rispoli , bebe neuwirth . rated r . summer of sam will be remembered as a waste of spike lee's abilities . lee is a great filmmaker , often exhibiting kinetic visual flair on par with brian depalma and martin scorsese and a storytelling ability comparable to steven spielberg . but here , he gets himself into a bind . his latest effort is a case of a director pretending he has something to say when in reality there is little of substance to absorb from his work . the summer of 1977 was an unusual summer in new york city . it was the hottest summer on record . to boot , new york's first serial killer was on the loose : calling himself the son of sam , david berkowitz killed 9 people in the new york area and frightened the whole city population . so it was understandable that when nyc was hit with a citywide blackout , people went berserk , causing billions of dollars in damage to the city . the movie's focus is on a group of twenty-somethings during that fateful summer : vinny ( john leguizamo ) , a club-hopping , adultrous hairdresser , his benevolent wife dionna ( mira sorvino , looking young ) , ritchie ( adrian brody ) , a punk who becomes an outcast as well as a son of sam suspect , a gang of small time mobsters and a few more minor characters . we follow them through their roller coaster lives , thrown out of whack even more by the recent killings . vinny and dionna have marital problems because vinny cheats and dionna tries to please him , make him stay faithful to her . ritchie gets shunned by his group of friends because he has started to become more and more " eccentric , " and has degenerated to the point of dancing in gay night clubs and making porno films with his girlfriend . tensions build and conflicts arise as the anniversary night of son of sam's first murder looms ; the night he promises he will strike again . a local gang with too much time on its hands makes a list detailing all of the people that its members think might be suspects . at the top of the list is ritchie . vinny , an unwilling part of the said group , is called upon to set a trap for his friend . as we watch these proceedings , some of which are painfully graphic , the dreaded " so what ? " question springs to mind . from the way this movie is made , i'd have guessed that spike lee was trying to tell us something , but as i searched deeper it became clear that there is very little there to find . lee touches on so much -- the media , the 70's punk scene , the details of the actual killings , as well as the characters' very personal dilemmas -- but he doesn't bring all of his topics together to form a coherent theme or make a discernible statement . all is not lost if a movie turns out to be hollow ; it can be a saving grace for the film to be enjoyable . too bad summer of sam doesn't get any help here . frankly , it's a bore , a redundant and repetitive two hour and twenty minute film that doesn't entertain beyond its first half hour . there is no suspense because the film refuses to be fully about the murders and little involving drama because the film is too muddled and its focus too vague . leguizamo's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny . the script makes it clear that we're supposed to believe that his character is flawed , but still a good guy . you'd never guess from his performance . adrian brody and especially mira sorvino fare better . sorvino gives a riveting , touching performance in a banal movie ( i'm tempted to think that i liked her because nearly everything else around her was inane ) ; her character is affecting and her emotions true-to-heart . brody , too paints an effective portrait of a young guy desperate for attention who gets a little more than he bargained for . summer of sam has some superficial elements of a good film : it looks great , it has a few notable performances and i suppose it's pretty well directed , in a purely technical way . but it's also empty , pretentious and boring . like last year's the thin red line , it's a movie by a director who doesn't know what he wants to say but goes ahead and says it anyway . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ; 
a silly film that tries to be a black comedy but plays more like lightweight comedy , with its main asset being a beautiful film location along spain's mountainous coastline . howard pigeon ( jeff goldblum ) is a 40-year-old mineral water salesman who is married for 13 years to a wife constantly nagging him , elizabeth ( mimi rogers ) . after a surprise birthday party for him , where his wife bawls him out for coming late to his surprise party , he confides to his best friend that he can't stand it anymore , and then tells him his plan to kill her while vacationing in the same barcelona hotel where they spent their honeymoon . jeff is going through a severe mid-life crises , worried that he looks older than his age . he incessantly talks to himself , mostly agonizing over his bitter marriage and chastising himself why he went out with elizabeth for a second time , and then why he married her just because she laughed at his jokes and was attractive . he stutters and acts like a man who has lost his confidence . things change on their vacation , as elizabeth makes an effort to be nice while jeff now becomes the grouch . he nervously rehearses his murder plan in the hotel room . by accident the gun goes off and into the pillow where he imagined elizabeth would be sitting . when other hotel guests and staff come to check about the gunshot , he nervously explains that it was the tv . realizing how unworkable his plan is , he places the gun in the shattered pillow and throws it into the ocean while he waits for elizabeth . but elizabeth found his behavior odd during the entire trip , and when after a great deal of effort to get a reservation at the hotel's 5 star restaurant he insists on eating in the room , she decides she had enough of him and checks out without telling him . as a result , he goes to the police to report her missing . while with the police , a telegram comes from his wife saying she left him and is going away because she wants to be alone . his boss and all those he works with are sympathetic to him , and he gets a job promotion . but soon the pillow with the gun is fished out of the water , giving the police cause to arrest him and search his home . there they find letters he has written incriminating him to the murder . the police also find out from the hotel staff about the gunshot heard in his room . in jail , things look bad for him . no one believes him , including his friends and lawyer . his boss fires him and the papers have a field day with the headline story : pigeon : a jailbird . out on bail , he realizes that his only hope is to track down his wife . through a call placed on his credit card , he tracks her down to a mountain resort . once there he learns that she took a hike up the steep mountain and he gets a priest to be his mountain guide after telling him the true story . the film is watchable just for the antics of the jeff goldblum comic performance . he is someone coming apart by the seams , while mimi rogers is his perfect foil . it was mostly pantomine humor , with the comedy charged in the changing facial expressions of the characters and the absurdity of the situation . a very minor farce that might appeal to the sitcom crowd . the film just didn't take its situation seriously and the story had many gaps in it , so it had no chance for black humor to develop . it instead played its set-up of the henpecked husband acting out his fantasy strictly for entertainment value to see how many chuckles it could draw . 
alexandre dumas meets hong kong action with newcomer justin chambers reprising the oft-played character of dashing swordsman d'artagnon in director peter hyam's adventure " the musketeer . " for some reason that i may figure out later , i don't know why the time , money and effort were put into the making of " the musketeer . " it may be that someone had the clever idea of combining the dumas characters and story with the current enamor with the action work of hong kong imports like this film's xin-xin xiong ( " once upon a time in china " ) and yuen woo-ping from " crouching tiger , hidden dragon . " the result is a mix of genres that don't mesh well . elements of the ritz brothers-style comedy ( for those few who remember that comedic troupe from the 1939 " the three musketeers " ) , the man with no name from " a fistful of dollars " ( d'artagnan demands that the bad guys apologize to his horse in a direct ref to the clint eastwood spaghetti western ) and hong kong action choreography are all utilized in the original script by gene quintano . the result is an action flick that bears little resemblance to its source material while it makes contemporary that material in an effort to grab the " matrix " crowd . alexandre dumas may well be rolling in his grave if he knows what was done to his classic oeuvre and characters . the real problem with the " the musketeer " lies in the casting of the two lead , romantically intertwined characters , d'artagnan and francesca ( mena suvari ) . chambers has the boyishly handsome good looks for the character , a la chris o'donnell , but lacks any onscreen charisma . suvari has the doe-eyed , pretty looks as the chambermaid who has the ear of the queen , but she , too , does not have the chemistry to command the screen . if " the musketeer " makes them any money , they should invest in acting lessons . stronger performers may have helped to raise the bar on this one . the supporting cast is , on the surface , impressive . catherine denueve plays the queen of france and lends her character an air of royalty , dignity and humor , especially when she plays off of d'artagnan's mentor , planchet ( jean-pierre castaldi , who reminds of andre the giant in " the princess bride ) . stephen rea looks good in the part of the conniving usurper cardinal richelieu , but is given very little to help flesh out his character . tim roth is the kind of bad guy you love to hate as the cardinal's chief henchman , febre . he is so bad he makes simon legree look like a boy scout . the rest of the players , particularly the three musketeers aramis ( nick moran , " lock , stock and two smoking barrels " ) , porthos ( steve spiers ) and athos ( jan gregor kremp ) , are background fodder whose role is to come to d'artagnan's aid when needed . peter hyam's does double duty as director and cinematography and may be too stretched to do both well . a stronger hand at the helm could have helped the mediocre performances of the leads and better utilized his veteran thesps . photography is straightforward action fare that goes through all the appropriate action flick motions - d'artagnan takes on a tavern full of thugs and bests them single-handed ; he fights a gang of febre's henchmen aboard a speeding coach to protect the queen ( with the obligatory branches hanging over the road ) ; he goes one on one with his lifelong enemy , febre , who murdered d'artagnan's folks years before . it is all routine stuff . the renowned wire work developed by the hong kong action masters is used to artificial effect as the players leap , defying gravity , up walls and from horse to horse . it works in a sci-fi film like " the matrix " or in a classical fantasy like " crouching tiger , hidden dragon " but just calls attention to itself in " the musketeer . " at one point i could swear i saw the stunt wire being used . it did not make me a believer and i am very disappointed . with a run time of 106 minutes it should have been more like 80 and i give it a d . 
there isn't much good about this movie . not much i can say about the acting , directing , or writing that would make you consider seeing this movie . so i'll get my one good comment out of the way , at least joel schuemacher ( batman & robin ) didn't direct it or it would be titled " technicolor city " . in fact there is nothing colorful about this movie , its dark and depressingly gloomy right down to the bitter end . the plot has a tendency to be interesting , but all that passes while your laughing at the ridiculous things thrown into what could have been a fascinating movie . the plot is impossible to explain due to how senseless it gets , so i will just touch on the bare minimum . john murdoch ( rufus sewell ) awakes in the bathtub of a cheap hotel , only to find out he has forgotten everything . john must find out who he is before the " strangers " ( a . k . a . mind erasing aliens ) find him and use him for their own evil conspiracy . during the film some interesting points are raised about human individuality , and the existence of inherently evil people . any of these points however are completely " erased " from your mind as you watch the actors stumble through the dreadful script . as i mentioned earlier , nothing but the atmosphere is right in this film . the acting is bland , and since there is virtually no character development no one seems to care . the special effects are low budget and some even hilariously fake , a sign of a true " b-movie " . the direction is poor and there is little continuity , not that you would expect it in a movie switching realities constantly . lastly the script is weak and has no concept of reality , and doesn't deserve to have the word " science " in science-fiction . if i haven't got my point across , i'll say it more plainly : this is a bad movie . lets hope the next movie by alex " i wish i was tim burton " proyas is at least tolerable . 
talk about beating a dead horse ! when home alone was released in 1990 , it was a breath of fresh air , and the final box office tally indicated how much audiences appreciated a genuinely-funny family film . the unexpectedly high gross guaranteed a sequel , so , two years later , we were subjected to home alone 2 , which might as well have been called clone alone for all of the originality it exhibited . for john hughes , two home alone movies weren't enough ? he began recycling the same kinds of villains and situations in almost every movie he was involved with , including a pathetic box office bomb called baby's day out , last year's live-action 101 dalmatians , and this year's flubber . now , inexplicably , hughes has exhumed not only these worn-out plot elements , but the " home alone " name as well . the result ? 1997's worst sequel ( edging out speed 2 and batman and robin ) , home alone 3 . by changing the characters , hughes ( who wrote and co-produced the film ) , along with his co-conspirator , director raja gosnell , has attempted to inject new life into a series that is way past the point of cardiac arrest . the new kid , alex pruitt , is played by alex d . linz ( one fine day ) , and the only thing he has going for him is terminal cuteness . he's not half as interesting as macaulay culkin once was . the villains , pale copies of joe pesci and daniel stern , are even less engaging than the pair of idiots in flubber . in home alone 3 , there are four of them ( olek krupa , david thornton , lenny von dohlen , and rya kihlstedt ) , but all that means is an opportunity for twice as many pratfalls . this time , the kid isn't left home alone because his parents have gone on a trip . instead , he has developed a bad case of chicken pox , so he can't go to school . his dad ( kevin kilner ) is away on business and his mom ( haviland morris ) has to run errands , so , for the most part , he's all by himself during the day . through a series of coincidences too irritating to relate , a top secret u . s . air force integrated circuit comes into his possession . it's wanted by a gang of four international crooks who intend to break into alex's home to retrieve it . the eight- year old , who is wise beyond his years , booby traps the house with all sorts of rube goldberg-type devices designed to humiliate and incapacitate the villains . the movie's climax takes place during a raging snowstorm ? only none of the falling flakes looks remotely believable . previously , the most counterfeit-looking snow effects i can remember were in star trek iii . these are far worse . in fact , the production values are so shoddy that there are some scenes in the midst of this near-blizzard when a shining sun can be seen . if it's a wonderful life could generate real- looking snow back in the 1940s , why can't home alone 3 , which has a significantly larger budget and '90s technology at its disposal ? there has been an ongoing debate regarding the appropriateness of live-action cartoon violence for young children . home alone 3 will add fuel to the fire . it's one thing to see wyle e . coyote flattened by a 10 ton acme weight , but quite another to watch a running lawn mower fall on lenny von dohlen . adults and even older children will recognize that this is obviously fake and intended to be humorous , but what about five and six-year olds ? the level of violence in home alone 3 is extreme ? many of alex's schemes are nasty enough to kill . but , because this is a " family film , " no one dies , despite being electrocuted , falling thirty feet , and getting smacked on the head by a barbell . not only is home alone 3 unnecessary , but it's offensive . it's an exercise in tediousness , and there isn't a genuine laugh to be found from the beginning to the end ( unless , by some strange quirk of fate , you have missed every 1990s movie associated with john hughes , and thus haven't seen this stuff before ) . i can't imagine anyone with a reasonable attention span being more than momentarily distracted by this pointless adventure . maybe that's why the only ones laughing at the screening i attended were still in their thumb-sucking years . 
the original babe gets my vote as the best family film since the princess bride , and it's sequel has been getting rave reviews from most internet critics , both siskel and ebert sighting it more than a month ago as one of the year's finest films . so , naturally , when i entered the screening room that was to be showing the movie and there was nary another viewer to be found , this notion left me puzzled . it is a rare thing for a children's movie to be praised this highly , so wouldn't you think that every parent in the entire city would be flocking with their kids to see this supposedly " magical " piece of work ? a tad bewildered , but pleased to not have to worry about screaming kids and other disruptions that commonly go along with family films , i sat back for 97 minutes and watched intently and with a very open mind , having great expectations for the film . looking back , i should have taken the hint and left right when i entered the theater . believe me ; i wanted to like babe : pig in the city . the plot seemed interesting enough ; after the events that took place in the original , babe the sheep-pig has become a legitimate national phenomenon . but after a fateful encounter with a water well , arthur hogget ( james cromwell , who the movie could have used alot more of ) has been rendered bed-ridden for a number of weeks and the farm begins to go under financially . the only solution that his wife ( magda szubanski , going from delightfully charming to downright annoying ) can come up with is to make an appearance with their new celebrity pet at a national fair ( i think ) and to use the money they earn to pay off the bank ( set aside for the moment the fact that they could get more than enough cash from donations if they just made their case known to the public ) . problem is , the fair is being held in the middle of the dreaded " city " , a completely foreign place to both the pig and his companion . setting the main plot in motion , mrs . hogget and babe travel to the unnamed city and shack up with a sweet lady who just happens to love to help animals , despite the law that you cannot keep them in hotels . it is here that we meet an array of eccentric characters , the most memorable being the family of chimps led by steven wright . here is where the film took a wrong turn . up until this point , i had being having a rather enjoyable experience . the beginning featured some smart writing and funny situations involving the farm animals from the first one and even an inspired moment at the airport where mrs . hogget is accused of smuggling drugs . unfortunately , the story wears thin as we are introduced to a new set of animals that reside at the hotel , none of them being even one-tenth as interesting as the characters from the previous babe . the main topic of discussion surrounding babe : pig in the city is the question of whether or not it is to dark and disturbing for small children , and i believe it is . at one point , a dog is hung from his neck and slowly starts to drown . at other times , we are treated to surrealistic flash-backs to mrs . hogget's full cavity search at the airport . in fact , the overall tone of the movie is rather bleak and depressing . however , that is , as they say , neither here nor there because kids will probably not like the movie anyway . the animal characters and their plights were simply not intriguing enough to sustain my interest for an hour and a half , let alone entertain a child . another problem i found with the film was it's sudden change of pacing and tone near the end of the story . if you're going to make a darker and more sinister sequel , fine . it may not be my cup of tea , but at least it is a noble ambition . but to go from the downbeat feel of the rest of the movie and all of a sudden have slapstick finale with mrs . hogget swinging from wall-to-wall of a ballroom in elastic overalls ? it just didn't feel right and was more painful to watch than it was funny or entertaining , and the same goes for the rest of the movie . 
i love movies . i really do . every time i watch great movies like goodfellas ( 1990 ) or raiders of the lost ark ( 1981 ) , a tear comes to my eye due to the awesome talent , skill and entertainment that is on display . even lower grade films such as the naked gun 33 1/3 ( 1994 ) or ghostbusters ii ( 1988 ) while not exactly brilliantly well made , are certainly not a waste of celluloid and present entertainment value . then there's my favourite martian , the exact opposite of what a movie should be : a hurried , poorly written and acted movie with one goal , to make money . disney , ever since the lion king ( 1994 ) have lost their magic touch , but this dross just shows how far disney have sunk . christopher lloyd plays a martian who crash lands in front of t . v reporter's tim o'hara car ( daniels ) , and soon tim finds the martian in his home , trying to recover and fix his spaceship . along with his 'zoot' spacesuit , voiced by wayne knight , must fix his spaceship before it explodes , and also try to stop his identity being revealed to the public , firstly by o'hara , but later by rival t . v presenter brace channing ( hurley ) , by calling himself tim's 'uncle martin . ' 'laughter' is supposed to arise from the 'comical' events , but never does . many bad films have good intentions , but my favourite martian doesn't appear to try to provide any entertainment . filled to the brim with wham bang special effects , my favourite martian offers little more than some nice eye candy . christopher lloyd mugs his way through the entire movie , i've never seen a man pull a face for 93 minutes until now . jeff daniels plays 'staple nice guy' and his role is useless . his performance is incredibly lazy , although his paperthin character doesn't deserve more than the performance he gives . darryl hannah looks as pretty as ever , but her role is somewhat , erm , limited . hurley mistakes 'acting' for 'shouting and looking like a twit' and wins the david wilcock award for 'most irritating , godawful performance in a moving picture . ' way to go liz ! for the supporting cast , disney manage to assemble every character actor out there , during the film i was going 'he was the guy in . . . ah . . er . . . ' before finally giving up and switching off . another major setback is the staple 'comedy sidekick . ' unfortunately , the writers ( sherri stoner and deanna oliver , if anyone cares ) forget that a comedy sidekick needs to be 'funny . ' instead , they deliver zoot , the martians deeply unfunny sidekick . although meant to be a manic character no doubt , every line that comes out of his 'neck' is a dud . a real dud . citizen kane delivers more laughs a minute than his hell spawn piece of polyester . even the kids in the audience were insulted by this character : not one child even bothered to smirk . it's a nice special effect , though . another problems with this comedy are the gags themselves . or rather , the lack of them . my favourite martian reaches a new level of toilet humour : it goes past the bowl , down the pipe and into the sewer . now , toilet humour can be funny , as dumb and dumber ( 1994 ) humorously showed . but here , characters farting , belching and almost getting crapped on ( literally ) is not 'amusing . ' it's insulting . there's one good gag right before the credits , but it appears the guy who wrote that gag tragically died and his unfunny twin continued . either that , or they were hoping that easy to please six year olds wouldn't mind the fact that his movie is beaten by men at work in the funny stakes . yes , men at work . yowza ! the fact that a lot of money was pumped into this film , and that they actually got people to agree to be in this film just depresses me even more . there are thousands of brilliant films out there that can't get distribution , yet trash like this gets released nation-wide with ease . thankfully , as soon as it makes it's money , it will never be seen again , and my favourite martian will end up where the two lead characters do near the end of the movie : down the toilet . 
i have a great idea for a movie , one that can't miss . see , i've got coolio to do a song for the soundtrack , and about fifty athletes and celebrities to do cameo appearances . it's about professional basketball , so i'll release it right around the nba finals to guarantee added publicity . as for what the movie is actually about . . . well , that will all sort itself out eventually . i figure it will be a comedy , so i'll throw a half-dozen writers at it and take the best of whatever they come up with . maybe we'll put a gender spin on it , see if we can get some women out to see it , too . eddie is one of those phenomenally lazy films that infuriates me more than any other kind . twister , as inane as the script might have been , at least required some creative technicians ; mission : impossible , overwrought plot and all , at least involved genuine effort . eddie just sits there , hawking up a formula story without any laughs , and makes every possible bad decision when a decision is required . whoopi goldberg plays eddie franklin , a new york limo driver and die-hard knicks fan who is suffering through a dismal season for her beloved team . coach john bailey ( dennis farina ) has lost control of his overpaid prima donnas , and the losses are beginning to mount . the dwindling attendance inspires new team owner wild bill burgess ( frank langella ) to try a publicity stunt in which a lucky fan will get to be an honorary coach of the team . the winner ( surprise , surprise ) is eddie , who becomes a fan favorite , and eventually the actual coach . the knicks continue to lose , but eddie has some sassy tricks up her sleeve to inspire her troops . incidentally , the knicks eventually start winning . please raise your hand if that comes as a shock , and i will invite you to my all-night marathon of the bad news bears , major league , angels in the outfield , the mighty ducks , the big green , cool runnings and little giants . awful teams in sports comedies make miraculous turnarounds ; it's what they do . those teams usually involve kids , for a very sound comedic reason : it's funnier when they screw up , and they're more sympathetic . those which _don't_ involve kids usually have actual actors in the lead roles , for another very sound comedic reason : they generally have developed some sort of comic timing . eddie was cast under the misguided premise that it's easier to make basketball players look like actors than it is to make actors look like basketball players . this finds nba players like greg ostertag , dwayne schintzius , rick fox and malik sealy delivering punch lines as though they were reading them for the first time off a bazooka wrapper ( though sacramento kings center olden polynice has a nice moment describing a black hole to fellow players ) . perhaps that all didn't matter to anyone because there are so few punch lines , and because the whole film is one big casting gimmick . steve rash directs the spiritless script as though waving a flag of surrender and screaming , " don't blame me , i just work here . " perhaps it was patently obvious to him that eddie isn't a movie -- it's a cameo appearance that trips over a plot every once in a while . among the notables who lend their faces to this travesty are donald trump , new york mayor rudolph giulianni , former new york mayor ed koch , david letterman , letterman regulars mujibur rahman and sirajul islam , espn broadcaster chris berman and knicks announcer marv albert , as well as dozens of nba players and several nba arenas . and those are the real jokes in eddie . nothing these individuals say or do is funny ; you are supposed to be laughing simply because you notice , " hey , it's donald trump ! " or " hey , it's mujibur and sirajul ! " it's difficult to decide whether eddie is so bad because it was so shamelessly lacking in imagination or because it can't even get the cliches in a cliche-ridden genre script right . the knicks coach who is eddie's antagonist early in the film reappears at the end , but he isn't given a chance to be the villain eddie desperately needs . neither is frank langella , and none of the athlete-actors have the ability to give whoopi goldberg anything to play off of . that leaves her to do her street-wise miss thang routine , but with no character , no sharp lines and no help . eddie isn't just a bad movie with a formulaic premise . it's a movie that makes you feel cheated and offended , because someone came up with a poster and a marketing plan to which they had to attach an actual movie , and you had the nerve to believe it was going to be a comedy . 
these days the lack of originality in hollywood reflects itself in the deluge of remakes . but , only a few years ago , before wes craven publicly made fun of the practice , sequels had been more popular among hollywood producers . sequels also used to be popular among directors and movie stars whose careers went south . the way to regain popularity and prestige , they thought , was the use the same formulas , characters and story lines that brought them success in the first place . one of such celebrity was eddie murphy , black comedian of 1980s whose career was in big decline during the first part of this decade . in order to return to the spotlight , he chose to resurrect the franchise created by his most popular film , beverly hills cop , 1984 action comedy that had already spawned the sequel in 1987 . seven years later , for the third instalment , he used the directorial service of john landis , another fading star , with whom he successfully collaborated twice - in trading places and coming to america . this time , however , third time wasn't the charm and beverly hills iii was failure . eddie murphy had to wait few more years for real comeback . eddie murphy here plays axel foley , fast-talking streetwise detroit policeman , who raids illegal chop shop . the routine police action ends in tragedy , when the criminals kill foley's boss . determined to bring the killers to justice , foley realises that their leader is ellis de wald ( timothy carhart ) . when it turns out that de wald happens to be security chief for wonderland theme park in los angeles , foley goes back to los angeles . there , with the help of his old friend , local policeman rosewood ( judge rheinhold ) , foley would clash with money counterfeit ring . ten years has passed since the original and times are definitely different . in this decade , the contrast between blue collar detroit and yuppie beverly hills , which provided a lot of gags in 1984 film , simply doesn't work . screenwriter steven e . de souza provides another conflict , this time between the childish sillyness of the good guys and business-like professionalism of the bad guys . since foley belongs to the former , his character had to watch his language , and the tone of the film in general is more infantile . unfortunately , this film still belongs to action movie genre , and there is too much violence for little children . nice example is the humorous scene in the beginning , which turns into standard ramboesque bloodbath . unlike donner with the lethal weapon series , landis simply can't balance the comedy with " regular " action , and the result is a film that fails in both aspects . action scenes are sometimes interesting , but not too spectacular ( at the end , scenery of wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself ) ; humour , on the other hand , falls flat . to make even worse , some minor characters from 1984 film gets unnecessary and sometimes irritating overexposure ( especially art expert turned into arms dealer , played by bronson pinchot ) . in the end , although the film provided some entertainment , viewers , at least critical ones , would probably be happy to know that there aren't any plans for beverly hills iv . 
" come on , silent bob ! we're going to hollywood . " starring jason mewes , kevin smith , will ferrell , shannon elizabeth , seann william scott , chris rock , jason lee , ben affleck . directed by kevin smith . rated r . jay and silent bob strike back is a dumb movie disguised in a smarmy interior . kevin smith , coming off the wonderful , challenging dogma , fills it with sub-road trip gross-out jokes and expects us to buy it because he's just oh-so-ironic . but when a movie is so self-aware it becomes about nothing but itself , we can hardly be expected to pay for admission . jay and silent bob , two new jersey stoners who hang out at the doorstep of convenience store selling pot , have appeared in almost all of smith's movies but , if i'm not mistaken , have not starred in one until now . they find out that there is a movie based on the comic book that is based on them being made in hollywood . this presents two problems : a ) they haven't received a penny in royalties and b ) nerds on the internet ( " what's the internet ? " ) are talking trash about them . what is there to do except go to hollywood and stop this movie from being made ? on the way -- they're hitchhiking , because who knew you needed tickets to take a bus ? -- they run into a group of hotties who pretend to be with an animal-rights group , but are really jewel thiefs who parade around in charlie's angels-style outfits . of course , they set jay and silent bob up to look like the thieves , so that there is a massive manhunt going on during the second half of the film . will ferrell , who again proves himself incapable of doing anything but sketch comedy , shows up as the wildlife marshal inspector who thinks the two have stolen a monkey . the movie will probably please only smith's die-hard , undiscerning fans ; everyone else will be critical of this mind-bogglingly stupid effort following some the sophisticated cinema that he churned out in years past . any appeal the movie has will come from the " in " jokes , most of which i think i understood , but the movie is " in " to the point of absurdity . there needs to be something holding it together other than its own smugness . once jay and silent bob get to hollywood , the movie abruptly switches gears from gross-out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire . countless " hot " movie stars and personalities make an appearance , from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven , but jay and silent bob strike back resorts to such low-brow gags as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer . get it ? they're so desperate for another movie , they ran out of ideas and used a monkey ! a monkey ! as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat . one of the funniest lines in the movie flies by : when asked to comment on the clitoris ( don't ask ) , jay responds : " the female clitoris ? " kevin smith is a talented writer ( though i agree that his films would be better off if he'd let a real director take the helm ) , and jay and silent bob strike back holds true to his promise to make a more facetious film . unfortunately , it's also shapeless , pointless and largely unfunny . smith's " verbal trampoline , " as ben affleck once called his distinctive dialogue , takes a back seat to his dubious instincts as a populist filmmaker . this was supposed to be the movie that didn't offend anyone , but it's offensive because it's terrible . 
well arnold has completed the seemingly impossible task . he has made three consecutive unsatisfactory action films . in a domain that he owns , it is very surprising that this goliath of an action star can not tell a good action script from a bad one . eraser , back in 1996 , was a confused film that made no attempt at all to make sense . batman and robin , in 1997 , was the black sheep of the batman series with ridiculous acting , idiotic action scenes , and painfully flashy costumes . now in 1999 , " end of days " ( not " the end of days " ) is the third strike in a tough at bat for arnold . is this the end of a powerful action star's long-lived career ? will arnold ever give us another unforgettable performance in another unforgettable classic like those in the past ( " terminator " , " terminator 2 : judgement day " , " predator " ) ? or an unforgettable performance in a great guilty pleasure like those in the past ( " commando " , " red sonja " , " true lies " ) ? it doesn't look that way . " end of days " begins with the birth of a baby girl in 1979 who inexorably , due to the formation of the stars on that night , will be the carrier of satan's baby the hour before new year's of 2000 . fortunately for the movie's sake , the girl grows up and now resides in manhattan with skyscrapers , subway trains in dark tunnels , and a myriad of inept nypd officers . it's an action film's dream come true when the director is given tons of cool stuff to blow up . imagine if the girl had lived in anytown , usa , where the only thing to destroy is a dairy queen and a post office . arnold schwarzenegger ( jericho cane ) , in a series of boring events finds himself in the middle of a religious battle between the church , who is trying to hide the girl ( or in some cases trying to kill her ) , and satan ( gabriel byrne ) who is trying to make her pregnant . if the devil is successful , the world will no longer exist as we know it . jericho feels it is his duty to protect the girl from everyone because 1 ) he once had faith but no longer does and 2 ) his wife and daughter were killed and he feels responsible for it . jericho cane is your cliched , by-the-numbers hero right up to his name . arnold fittingly plays the character as cliched as he can . he shouts at everyone , from cops to priests , to the devil . in one truly hilarious scene , which was supposed to be the ultimate dramatic high point , jericho screams to the devil ; " you are a @#$^% ! & choir boy ! you are a choir boy ! " those two lines marked the high points of this film . a movie can still be enjoyable when the supporting cast is more effective than the main actor . " end of days " fails to contain any memorable performances with the exception of gabriel byrne . byrne , playing a man who has been made the manifestation of the devil , seems to be the only one who is having fun in this whole movie . he wonderfully plays a manipulative villain with the power to control everyone at any time . the annoying thing about his character , however , is that he has the power to kill any human with a simple punch in the face , yet he finds it impossible to seriously hurt jericho . i can not count the number of times he could have killed jericho and taken the girl from his custody . the other actors in the film give very weak and unconvincing performances . kevin pollak , who plays the partner and close friend of jericho , is the supposedly funny character in the film ( every action movie has one ) . the one problem is that pollak does not deliver one funny line . robin tunney plays the chosen mother of satan's baby with extreme annoyance . she gets no sympathy from any of the characters in the film , except arnold who pretends she is his wife and daughter , or any of the viewers in the audience . in one unnecessary scene , tunney walks out of her room and takes her top off . is this her job in the film ? the actors are not to blame entirely because the script is terrible . you can tell a script is terrible when you are able to predict what will happen minutes before it does . this little prediction game is a very fun exception to trying to sit through this nonsense of a movie . in a last attempt to make this movie good , special effects are used to try to entertain the audience . but without a memorable action scene in the whole film , the director has not done his job successfully . this film would have gotten a c+ if arnold stood in front of a camera and shouted " you are a ! $@^@ * ^ choir boy ! ! " for two hours . 
" alcohol and drugs = bad . not alcohol and drugs = good . got it ? " just when you though you've seen enough of brave young women dealing with their personal problems on screen , be that insanity or alcoholism , hollywood releases yet another one of those 'deep , emotional stories about finding yourself' . . '28 days' is practically a visualization of the usual 'meaningful' true stories that people are so proudly retelling at aa-meetings . gwennie ( sandra bullock ) is a young woman who drowned her problems in alcohol . for her life was a big party , with no beginning and no end . this behavior has of course estranged her from her only sister and from life itself . her existence is filled with endless parties and comic episodes . such as when she got drunk with boyfriend jasper ( dominic west ) , borrowed her sister's ( elizabeth perkins ) wedding limo and crashed it into someone's house . this time she had to pay with a 28 day stay in court-ordered rehab . here she must realize that the only thing that can save her is her is redemption , willpower and commitment . most important she must realize her place and direction in life and understand that her life is not just a big party . the film itself feels like a rehab program , whining and moaning about things that have been said and written a million times . it is a classic cautionary tale . an echo . a big , fat and expensive clich ? . a shadow of last year's 'girl , interrupted' , which likewise followed in the footsteps of great masterpieces like 'the cuckoo's nest' and 'trainspotting' . director betty thomas has stuffed her film with so many failures and errors , that it is impossible to sum them all up in one review . for some paranoid reason she decided to make her film a drama/comedy . jokes and funny characters almost deliberately delude you from the really important and complex issues : alienation , despair , terror , confusion , loneliness . and what awesome power and strength of character it actually takes to overcome all that and become clean . isn't that what the filmmakers wanted to show in the first place ? even the transition process itself seems like a walk in the park . betty thomas' idea of hell is a cozy , homey place where happy alcoholics and cheerful drug addicts are not allowed to smoke , drink or watch tv after 11 . it is simply too light , simplified and unnecessary sweet to be taken seriously . but the worst thing about it is that it actually thinks that it is saying something of significance . that it actually tries to educate the audience with its extremely predictable and primitive story . " all you need to do is just say no " , says dr . cornell ( steve buscemi ) as if was the revelation of the century . and that's how simple it is ! in fact i would rather watch 'lost in space' once again , than return to '28 days' . as for acting , it's acceptable , but hardly anything else . for sandra bullock it's an opportunity to demonstrate that she is capable of more than 'speed' . she handles her part with a surprising professionalism and ease that certainly saves the film from being a complete flop . dominic west shines as the source of gwenie's devilish temptations , but elizabeth perkins' and steve buscemi's great talents are wasted on unnoticeable and shallow characters . although intellectually 'girl , interrupted' was a greater achievement , '28 days' is superior in its visual aspect . there are some nice flash back sequences and occasionally impressive pacing , but the overall technical aspect of this film is on the ground floor . the most important thing is that we've seen it before and it was a lot better . 'clean and sober' , 'only when i laugh' , 'when a man loves a woman' , 'leaving las vegas' and many other stronger films were made about the same issues . so what's the point ? in other words '28 days' doesn't contribute to the moviemaking business on any level . if you're caught in a snowstorm or bolts of lightning fall from the sky and you're standing in front of the movie theatre , you might as well go in and watch '28 days' . under all other circumstances stay away , because this film equals $8 and 103 minutes lost . 
one of the first films of 1999 is this mtv pictures release which marks the first leading feature role for james van der beek , the star of the wb's runaway hit dawson's creek . following in the foot steps of mtv's two other live action films , joe's apartment ( 1996 ) and dead man on campus ( 1998 ) , varsity blues is a bad film and is unlikely to cause much of a sensation in the marketplace . set in west cannan , texas , the film examines the small town obsession with high school football through the eyes of second string quarterback john " mox " moxon ( van der beek ) . we know he's smart because he reads kurt vonnegut instead of the playbook . coach bud kilmer ( jon voight ) has been around so long there is actually a bronze statue commemorating him . the star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , is a handsome , blonde , hero who has his own billboard in his front yard and dates the sexy head cheerleader , darcy ( ali larter ) . also on the team are an enormous guy ( ron lester ) with some health problems and the token african-american team member ( eliel swinton ) whose only real dialogue scene deals directly with the color of his skin . when lance is seriously injured , mox gets his chance to shine and he runs with it , undermining kilmer with his unusual playing strategies . his relationship with his dutiful girlfriend , jules ( amy smart ) , is threatened and there's a big game at the end . guess who wins ? nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love . there's a chance for some smart satire on small town obsessions but the humor here is decidedly lowbrow . van der beek does a decent job of carrying his first film although a silly accent trips him up sometimes . also , the role isn't very much of a stretch from his dawson leary character . he's still a pseudo-intellectual , whiny , nice guy , except here he also happens to be a jock . voight is a terror as he chews up every single piece of scenery and spits it out . the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers don't fare much better . on the positive side , walker is a charismatic actor who is due for a breakout role following this and his supporting turn in pleasantville ( 1998 ) . scott ( son of james ) caan has some lively moments as tweeder , the team's wild man . larter , as a gorgeous seductress looking for a one way ticket out of texas , gets to show off the film's most interesting costumes , including a very eye-opening " whipped cream bikini . " it's interesting to note that the film definitely earns its r-rating with a lot of harsh language , alcohol abuse and an unusually high amount of nudity ( including a gratuitous trip to a strip bar that reveals a not very surprising surprise ) . all this is likely to come as a shock to the young female fan base of dawson's creek , presumably the target audience for the picture . director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression . the look of the movie is as bland as the town and characters who populate it . the football scenes are generally unexciting and the entire film looks a bit washed out . there's an ok soundtrack featuring music from collective soul , foo fighters , green day and aaliyah but it's not as impressive as one would expect from a mtv film . 
" ladybugs " is a typical comedy that relies on three supposed guarantees : the pathetic team who beats the champs ; cross dressing ; and the presence of rodney dangerfield . this picture doesn't play like a comedy for children , so who is it aimed at ? and why is it told like a 91-minute sit-com instead of a feature film ? rodney dangerfield stars as chester lee , a total schmuck working at a huge corporation . he obviously doesn't have a lot of self esteem and thinks he has to kiss up to get ahead , which he does by volunteering to coach the company's girls' soccer team . what a shock to learn chester and his assistant julie ( jackee ) know absolutely nothing about the game , and the players seem to know even less . i didn't laugh , but for some reason it didn't annoy me that much . chester's fiancee bess ( graff ) thinks he got a promotion in addition to the coaching position , and of course she has a slacker for a son who is doing poorly in school and is kicked off the sports teams . jonathon brandis is a nice surprise as matthew , who agrees to dress up as a girl named martha to help out chester ( probably because the girl he has a crush on plays on the team - what original story ideas ! ) . what we get is just another retread of the " underdog sports team " mixed with some cross dressing . unfortunately , the film isn't smart enough to play upon the drag aspect . in fact , it downplays it so heavily it's totally unbelievable . could it be any more obvious martha is a boy ? he only wears a girl's wig , without any makeup , and they don't even give him falsies . brandis doesn't bother to mimic a girl's voice either . then there is a pointless scene where chester and matthew shop for a dress , but for what reason ? martha is only seen on the soccer field , why would they buy a dress for her ? just when we think the martha character is going to be useful , she disappears , and the story wanders aimlessly looking for a new plot to pick up on . when bess discovers what's really going on she breaks up with chester , and the relationship is forgotten about and the film focuses on the soccer team and the tension between chester and his boss . this film could've been less bad had it been the cliche sports comedy , but it feels the need to go off on tangents that are completely unnecessary ( and bad at that ) . there's just too much of a sit-com feel here , especially during the so-called serious moments , and all the confusion between the characters . i've seen worse movies than " ladybugs , " but for some reason it contained some sort of bizarre charm , so even when it turns sour it doesn't seem as bad as it is . dangerfield finally gets his respect in the end , but at what a price . 
a big house . a big director , jan de bont of speed and twister fame . a big star , catherine zeta-jones , hot of the heels of entrapment ( 6 . 5/10 ) and zorro . a big remake of the haunting . and big special effects . so what do they all amount to ? unfortunately for us , a big bore ! plot : a hotshot doctor brings three insomniacs to an old , spooky mansion for controlled testing . unbeknownst to the patients , the good doctor is actually conducting his own cover project that has to do with the psychology of fear . critique : this movie just didn't scare me one bit . sure , it creeped and spooked me out a little here and there , but on the whole , it took waaaaay too long to get going , provided very little meat in the plot , went way past its own bedtime , and basically relied on grunts , the muttering of children's voices and over-the-top special effects , to scare us . well , this film didn't do much for me . and they might as well have called it the " haunting of lily taylor " , since she's basically the only character who had any real depth , background or reason to be in the house in the first place . don't get me wrong , catherine zeta was sweet window dressing ( despite my continued perception of her faint mustache-see entrapment ) , and owen wilson was good as the standard " comic relief " , but come on people , if you're going to have us sit through two hours in a theater with these folks , how 'bout giving them a little more than one-liners as dimension . neeson was also wasted as the smart , british guy . it's all too sad , cause certainly the " idea " seemed like a good one ( see the shining ( 9/10 ) for a close to perfect example of a creepy gone awry ) , but the story was thin , the conclusion was laughable ( be gone . . . poof ! ) and the special effects ? well , they sure were nice to look at , but not for a moment did one of them scare , or even for a split-second , have me believe that they were anything more than hollywood special gadgetry . see it for zeta-jones , or if you like special effects and scary movies that take forever to get going , and provide very little payback , otherwise skip it and check out the original or the ultimate movie about spooky homes from the netherworld , the shining . little known facts about this film and its stars : goofy actor owen wilson co-scripted indie favorites rushmore ( 8/10 ) and bottle rocket with director wes anderson . his brother luke wilson is also an actor , who once dated drew barrymore for a year or so . brother andrew is also an actor . singer lisa loeb is listed in the credits as having portrayed the character of olivia morice , but i personally did not notice her . she is well known for her number one single " stay ( i missed you ) " and goofy glasses . the creaks and moans heard throughout the house were prerecorded and played during filming in order to get a more natural expression of fear out of the actors . catherine zeta-jones is currently dating flabby ass actor michael " sex is my life " douglas . she stands 5'8 " . in 1998 , actor michael rapaport pleaded guilty to the aggravated harassment of lily taylor . he was ordered to stay away from her and undergo counseling for one year . actor bruce dern , who plays the throwaway role of the gatekeeper in this film , was once nominated for an oscar for best supporting actor for his role in coming home . director jan de bont was born in holland , and began his lengthy career as a cinematographer on films as die hard , hunt for red october and basic instinct , directed by another dutchman , paul verhoeven . actor todd field also played a small but pivotal role in stanley kubrick's last film , eyes wide shut . he was nick nightingale , the pianist . this film was originally titled the haunting of hill house . 
maybe this mission should have been scrubbed mission to mars a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman there's a world of difference between artists and technicians . the artist has a vision to create something new . he may not do it well , it might be sloppy , but it's something you've never seen before . a good technician can make it look good , but without direction from his own inner artist or someone else , it's going to be just a xerox . obviously successful films need both skills . brian de palma is a masterful technician . he's spent his career copying others , most notably hitchcock . he usually knows exactly what to do to make a scene work , but only because he has learned it by rote . aside from rare flashes of originality , his films are often soul-dead . in de palma's latest , he turns his attention to stanley kubrick . to tell the truth , i enjoyed portions of this movie , but i liked it a lot better over 30 years ago when it was called " 2001 " . i enjoyed it even more when it was titled " close encounters " . nasa has set its sights for mars . when the first crew meets with disaster , a rescue mission is sent to the red planet . they don't do so well either , but eventually meet up the lone surviving astronaut-gone-rasta and solve the mysteries of the universe . and it's all so boring . there are so many scenes that just don't work , it's difficult to begin . when the first crew is a few feet away from a raging massive upside-down martian tornado ( which looks remarkably like a sandworm from " dune " ) destroying everything in its path , they just hang out watching . error . the most interesting character ( and that's not saying much ) is killed off . error . the alien is laughable . error . the rest of the characters are the dullest people imaginable . error . there's some nice eyecandy . the face on mars , which turns out to be a giant metal thai buddha head , looks cool . a three-dimensional holographic planetarium is more fun to watch than anything at disney world . maneuvering in space suits outside the ship seems realistic . but there's so much more that feels as if we've been there before . from " 2001 " , there's the rotating space station , the blinding white room . >from " close encounters " , they solve a sound puzzle and play it to the aliens . the list goes on . the actors are mostly mobile wooden statues . even gary sinise and tim robbins can't muster enough emotion to convince us they are breathing . no one seems to care about anything that happens . you won't either . the absolutely worst sin is the blatant product placement as dr . pepper , with a 20 foot tall logo , saves the day . they should save the commercials for those insipid bits before the film . 
there's a good , and timely , story trapped deep within the excess of murder in the first , a new movie about the abuses of our prison system . with a country wrapped up in feverish debate over the crime issue and the rights of the accused and the incarcerated in jeopardy , this expose would offer something rare to recent american movies--a point of view . but director marc rocco makes it clear from the beginning that pretentious , often nauseating , camera movements and slick , mtv- style lighting and editing are far more important . there's not a moment in the picture where he surrenders technique for pure storytelling . and everything suffers . christian slater and kevin bacon star as defense attorney and alcatraz inmate , respectively . after spending an unprecedented amount of time in an isolated cell for attempting to escape , bacon murders another prisoner and faces trial . his young lawyer ( slater ) is fresh out of law school but determined to " put alcatraz on trial " for the abuses of it warden ( gary oldman ) . the result is the usual courtroom theatrics- imagine a stanley kramer production shot by hyperactive film school students . there's very little to praise here outside of kevin bacon's earnest overacting and the appropriate story . there's a lot of overacting from everyone--you know you're in trouble right away when r . lee ermey ( the drill sergeant in full metal jacket ) is cast as a judge , the center of reason and moderation . slater has never been convincing and certainly isn't here and oldman is on a bad streak of hammy performances . but the worst feeling you get while watching murder in the first is that the man behind the camera could care less about telling a good story . there are long exchanges of dialogue where the camera is not even moving near the characters , let alone with them . how frustrating it must be for actors to work under these conditions . if there's anything that has alway distinguished american films over the rest of the world , it is our ability to tell a good story . have we forgotten ? 
_soldier_ is hands down one of the worst movies a person could ever have to sit through that doesn't have jean claude van damme in it . i could liken it to the sci-fi cheese that was the hollywood product-of-choice back in the early 80s , but that would be too much of a compliment . if there is a movie theater in hell , this film is playing there 24 hours a day . the story , such that there is , revolves around todd ( kurt russell ) , an automaton of a man who has been raised from birth to be a merciless soldier in a not-too-distant ultra-conservative future ( is there any other kind ? ) after years of desensitization at a military academy full of other boys just like him , todd becomes a ground fighter in a series of wars all over the galaxy . who the enemies in these wars are is never revealed , but the few glimpses of todd in battle show that it doesn't matter , because innocent hostages are wiped out as indifferently as the bad guys . after ten minutes of this nihilistic trash -- yes folks , there's more -- we see todd as a buff , scarred adult , now so accustomed to the carnage that no confrontation at all causes him to break a sweat . there's a new wrinkle , though . todd and his brethren are declared obsolete , and a new batch of soldiers takes their place . after losing a sanctioned battle with _dragon_'s jason scott lee , the seemingly dead todd is dumped by a flying ice-cube tray ( well , that's what is looked like ) on a remote garbage planet . if you predict that todd meets a bunch of outcast settlers on this planet , and that they band together to fight a bunch of bad guys coming to destroy them , you're way ahead of the game . the renegade society on this trash heap is so clich you half-expect tina turner and master blaster to come strolling into frame any minute . it's surprising that _soldier_ is the brain-child of _blade runner_ co-writer david webb peoples . unlike that mind-twisting classic , this film contains just barely enough dialogue to fill about three double-spaced pages . add into the mix the _mortal kombat_'s paul anderson inept direction , and it's easy to see how _soldier_ turned out so bad . and the special effects ! remember the flying steam irons in hardware wars ? gary busey is in this movie . 'nuff said . _soldier_ is proof that hollywood still has plenty of bad ideas sitting in its script vaults . that this sad film made it to the silver screen should encourage plenty of aspiring screenwriters out there that there is hope after all . now if you'll excuse me , i have to go weep for the future . 
" i seem to have glued myself . . . to myself . " starring jason biggs , seann william scott , chris klein , thomas ian nichols , allyson hannigan , shannon elizabeth , natasha lyonne , tara reid , mena suvari , eugene levy , jennifer coolidge . directed by j . b . rogers . rated r . american pie 2 reunites the cast members from american pie in a different setting ; instead of being high school seniors looking to score before they graduate , they are now past their first year of college and have gathered in a beach house to enjoy the summer of their lives . jim ( jason biggs ) is still an insecure geek looking to improve his performance , oz ( chris klein ) is still the sweetest guy on the block , having sickeningly saccharine phone conversations with his studying-abroad girlfriend , stifler ( seann william scott ) is still a horny stoner , kevin ( thomas ian nichols ) still has no personality and finch ( eddie kaye thomas ) still longs for stifler's mom . have i missed anyone ? so , obviously , not much has changed . this is not a problem , provided that the movie boasts the rapid-fire hilarity and unexpectedly true sentiment of the original . but american pie 2 is the very definition of " sequelitis . " it's coarser , yes , and it pushes the envelope even more , but its heart isn't in it . it's easy cash to capitalize off the first film's success , but it would have been a worthier investment to prolong the franchise by coming up with something original . part of the reason why the film doesn't work , i think , is that while in the original the kids' quest for sex was a coming-of-age stepping stone as much as an outlet for their horniness . here , everything has been cheapened . they behave like those idiot frat boys who kill themselves drinking ; they have no motivation except for sex , sex , beer and sex . that's not to say that you can't make a decent comedy from that premise , but it is one of american pie 2's undoings . missing , too , is the sweetness that permeated american pie , the this-could-be-you quality of the main players . here , the characters are too aware of themselves as pop-culture icons , and they're even more one-note . stifler and finch are now caricatures while jim , oz and kevin are forced to make awkward self-discoveries at arbitrary moments , none of them betraying what the writers think the audiences want to see . and then there's the soon-to-be-notorious scene where jim superglues " himself to himself , " which perfectly demonstrates yet another of the film's ailments , one that also permeated say it isn't so , director j . b . rodgers' debut . there's a fine line between comedy and abject humiliation , and american pie 2 is on the wrong side of it . it's hard to laugh at the characters when you are profoundly embarrassed for them . i shielded my eyes watching this more than i have watching any horror movie . if there's one redeeming factor to american pie 2 , it's the inimitable eugene levy as jim's dad , who pops in on jim as he's about to score and utters lines like " your mother and i have been known to get frisky . . . not so much anymore , but . . . " and then when the girl's parents walk in , blurts out " this must be your daughter ! i didn't get her name , but hopefully my son did . " if only the rest of the movie had the wit and wisdom of levy's performance . this is an unworthy sequel to a gross-fest that brought back the raunchy teen comedy . the box-office of this onw should keep the genre going strong , which is disappointing . the genre needs a hiatus ; filmmakers are getting lazy . 
guilt . guilt is something i felt while watching basic instinct for the ninth time ; the penultimate t & a thriller , basic instinct made my last few teenage years worth living . but i know so well that it's a terrible film , made by a terrible director incapable of feeling guilt . verhoeven went on to make the even more offensive showgirls and , on november seventh , 1997 , unleashed starship troopers to innocent moviegoers like me , who cannot control the urge to see giant bug movies . the pic begins with the most unintentional laugh of the year . a simple , white on black title card reads " starship troopers " -my friends and i speculated that the night before the prints were shipped , verhoeven realized he forgot the credits . is this how a hundred million dollar movie should open ? were the rest of the film that subdued . . . starship troopers is about a group of white , blond-haired himbos and bimbos who all have spanish last names . they graduate high school , join the military , and then , rather curiously , decide to travel to an alien planet and destroy all lifeforms on that planet . the story is so incomprehensible , and told so bombastically , it's akin to 129 minutes of someone screaming punishments at you in a foreign tongue . ( aside , club lovers will be happy to know that dance music hasn't changed in the future . ) one plus : starship troopers contains some very funny sequences , specifically the newsreels of the future . hysterically funny , actually . but the cynicism of these reports left me curious as to whether verhoeven felt pessimistic about the story in between . the storytelling lacks focus , to say the least . the politics of the film are scary . the actions of the major female characters are dictated by their out-of-control libidos . there's even a creepy sex scene : the lovely dina meyer makes out , nude , with the sickening van dien while half her face is covered by her opaque sweater , just the way he seems to like it . i use the term sickening because van dien is the least appealing actor i've encountered in a big budget picture ; all chiseled features and machismo , he even barks a eulogy at a funeral like military orders . of course , verhoeven's probably the one to blame , and perhaps i'm jealous because i'm so disgusting . at any rate , a movie called starship troopers shouldn't be about sex . exactly ten years ago , verhoeven made robocop , which was about nothing but skillfully made and oddly moving . and r-rated , despite its goofy premise . maybe it's asking too much for verhoeven to make a pg-movie , then-he's a master of insipid violence . however , ten year old boys would adore starship troopers if they could see it . 
while watching loser , it occurred to me that amy heckerling's true genius as a film-maker is casting . in fast times at ridgemont high , she gave us sean penn's jeff spicoli ; in look who's talking , she turned bruce willis into a wise-cracking baby and provided john travolta with is first career revival ; in clueless , she found a star vehicle for the adorableness that is ( or was ) alicia silverstone . she seems to understand instinctively how to find performers the audience will like in spite of their flaws . unfortunately , she may also be starting to understand that she understands . giving appealing actors an appealing script creates likeable movies . giving appealing actors a script in which their appeal _is_ the movie makes for unexpectedly awful films like loser . naturally , heckerling makes her protagonist an all-around swell guy . paul tannek ( jason biggs ) is a small-town boy who gets a scholarship to nyu , then instantly finds himself an island of compassion and diligence in the cold-hearted big city . paul is the kind of guy who gives up his seat on the subway to an elderly woman ; his roommates adam ( zak orth ) , chris ( tom sadoski ) and noah ( jimmi simpson ) are the kind of guys who blast their music and let their waterbeds leak all over paul . paul is also the kind of guy who adores girls from afar , in this case the lovely dora diamond ( mena suvari ) . dora has problems of her own , including a shortage of funds to pay her tuition and a relationship with a professor , edward alcott ( greg kinnear ) , that's more than slightly one-sided . they're two conscientious kids who love animals and homeless people , so clearly they belong together , even if paul is a loser . i must confess that , for a while , i was suckered in by heckerling's casting . jason biggs is an engaging performer whose unconventional looks make him even easier to embrace ; suvari is a coquette with an undercurrent of intelligence . they're pleasant enough to watch , and heckerling gives us plenty of scenes establishing how nice they are and how nice their respective antagonists aren't . then it gradually becomes clear that there's virtually nothing to loser but scenes of that sort . in theory , loser is a romantic comedy , but there is scarcely a laugh to be found in the entire film ( notable exception : a cameo by a scene-stealing comic actor as a video store clerk ) . instead of taking any time to make the characters' situations funny , heckerling spends 98 minutes making her characters' situations pathetic . she shows none of the ear for quirky dialogue that sparked clueless , nor any of that film's interest in lively plotting ( not surprisingly , since clueless's plot came via jane austen's emma ) . she simply turns the film into a pity party . since loser is a film composed almost entirely of establishing character , you might think that those characters would be interesting , or at least slightly complicated . instead , you have people either so perfect or so unredeemable that there's no reason to watch them . paul isn't just a nice guy , he's flawless ; consequently , he's a central character who does absolutely no growing . his roommates aren't just inconsiderate , they're actively evil-blackmailing professor alcott , drugging women with rohypnol and generally giving humanity a bad name . and professor alcott isn't just manipulative , he turns dora into his house slave . dora's unthinking devotion to alcott is the only whiff of basic human frailty to be found in loser , and even that isn't explored in sufficient detail . there's more ambiguity in the 30-second snippet from alan cumming's broadway performance as the emcee in cabaret then there is in the rest of loser it's one thing to turn supporting characters into comic exaggerations ; it's another to flatten your leads into easily digestible mush . and it would help if those comic exaggerations were somehow . . . i don't know . . . comic . still , i spent much of the film holding out the ridiculous hope that heckerling would somehow salvage loser from its tedium and justify my desire to like paul and dora . that hope dissolved the moment heckerling underscored a sequence of paul in the throes of unrequited love to simon and garfunkel's " scarborough fair/canticle . " instead of giving the sequence a knowing wink-a reference to the graduate , a hint that paul is becoming an overly-sensitive clich-heckerling plays it deadly straight . even in the scenes that scream for a light comic touch and a bit of a poke at her protagonist's foibles , she finds it impossible to stray from the gospel of paul as saint . clueless's cher had her self-absorption and manipulative tendencies to balance her cuteness . in loser , amy heckerling shows a leaden hand with material that demands friskiness ( her one show of wit involves naming paul's dorm " hunt's hall " after erstwhile bowery boy huntz hall ) . her gift with casting proved to be her curse . loser may be a crashing bore , but gee , aren't those two kids swell ? 
would you believe -- in real life , i mean -- that if you were julia roberts , that you'd be the ugly underdog to your sister , the creepy catherine zeta-jones ? let me tell you what reality is . reality is that you are megastar julia fricking roberts and your brother is eric roberts , and he picks up whatever crumbs of stardom fall off your coattails as you blaze across the sky in a golden chariot . that's reality . america's sweethearts is the opposite of reality , a train wreck that tries to sell julia as a scruffy also-ran , presumably because she wears horn-rimmed glasses and used to be overweight ( uh-huh ) . the plot follows two married , mega-movie stars , gwen and eddie ( zeta-jones and poor , poor john cusack , whose material gets worse every year ) , on the eve of their new star vehicle's release , a film called time over time . the only problem : gwen and eddie have gone through a nasty separation , and the press and public have not been forgiving ( think meg and dennis ) . gosh , and the director has vanished with the film , holding the only print hostage . veteran pr agent lee ( billy crystal ) is called upon to clean up the mess , throwing a press junket in the nevada desert to woo them with the story of a possible reconciliation between the gwen and eddie , presumably distracting the stupid , stupid film critics into forgetting they haven't seen the movie at all . ( note to sony : any studio executive that thinks this plot is going to win points with the reviewing press needs to check into rehab . ) and did i mention gwen's sister kiki ( roberts ) is along for the ride ? and that she and eddie just might fall in love along the way ? oh billy , you're a scamp ! the script you've co-written with peter tolan ( what planet are you from ? and bedazzled -- need i say more ? ) is a roast of hollywood and celebrity , sure , but it's not a funny one . yes , crystal tells us , hollywood is lying to our faces ! if you are surprised by this , you might want to check on your subscription to people magazine . it's about to expire . aside from a scant few zingers ( yeah , se ? or winces rules ! ) , america's sweethearts' jokes aren't funny , its pace is choppy , and the whole affair comes off as a vanity project -- not for headlining star julia roberts -- but for billy crystal to deliver a bunch of lame punch lines that he wrote himself . i didn't time it ( the movie's not that bad ) , but it's crystal who really has the most screen time and is the unequivocal focus of the film . bad move , billy -- your jokes suck . the crotch humor is outpaced only by the meanness of the movie's gags -- and with unsubtle sexual innuendo dripping from every scene , how this movie earned a pg-13 rating is a mystery to me . julia overcame a lot of spiteful writing and acting to make my best friend's wedding into a winning film , but not even that 90-tooth smile can save her here . obviously aware of the ugliness before him , director joe roth turns to goofy supporting characters like hank azaria ( as a lisping spaniard ) , christopher walken ( the insane time over time director ) , and alan arkin ( a new age guru in a fright wig ) to crack wise . none of the stereotypes is successful except for walken ; azaria comes off as a preening queen when he's supposed to be macho . as for roth , in case you don't know , went from direcing revenge of the nerds ii to launching his own movie studio , revolution , which produced this work . he's back behind the camera for the first time in 11 years . it'll probably be another 11 before he's back again . i could drone on about how america's sweethearts will only appeal to the mouth-breathing morons who talk on their cell phones during the movies , but that would get old . instead , i'll settle for discussing the movie's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment . every single character in this film ( with the arguable exception of kiki ) is simply hateful , and putting them in a romantic comedy is a waste of a bunch of villains . when you leave the theater , you'll ask yourself , too : why would i want any of these jerks to be happy ? 
an american werewolf in london is john landis' groundbreaking feature about an american tourist who gets himself bitten by a werewolf in jolly old england . the groundbreaking part of the movie is the special effects . more specifically , the makeup used for the transformation of a man into a werewolf ; and for the ghosts that haunt the main character . even twenty years after its release , that part of the movie is still impressive . although , i would have to say that it really is the only part of the movie that could be considered impressive . the rest of the movie is a run of the mill werewolf flick with some extra gore thrown in for good measure . if it weren't for the cutting edge makeup effects used in the werewolf transformation it is most likely that this is a film that would have gone largely unnoticed when it was released back in 1980 . and with good reason -- the acting isn't great and neither is the writing . well ok , we don't actually expect either of those things to be great in a horror film . but one other important element is lacking here too -- it isn't scary . with no exception , you know what is going to happen before it happens . you don't even need the obligatory scary music to give you a hint . i will give director john landis credit for this being one of the best looking horror films that i have ever seen . but john , it just wasn't scary . i didn't know if this was intended to be some sort of romantic drama and the whole werewolf thing was just thrown in to get people to come to the theater to see it , but it didn't work for me . actually , it was intended as a sort of a spoof on horror films . but the mix of the comedic moments with the melodrama was so bad ; the intended humor was lost on me . it's never a good sign that you don't realize a movie is supposed to be funny until after the movie is long over and you read it in the background material . call me crazy , but you shouldn't have to do research on a movie to enjoy it . i'm not even going to get into the plot of the movie that much , since the title pretty well sums the whole thing up . werewolf bites boy ( david naughton ) . boy ends up in hospital where he is tended to and eventually falls for pretty nurse ( jenny agutter ) and then strange things begin to happen to boy . including , and i must admit this is a very nice touch , visits from his friend who was killed in the same werewolf attack that ended up with him in the hospital . the neat thing here is that his buddy is a rapidly deteriorating corpse . i know it sounds strange , but it actually works . the scenes between david naughton and the dead buddy ( griffin dunne ) are really the best parts of the movie . as i said , probably the only reason that this film was a hit was because of the special effects . while they are still impressive today , they aren't impressive enough , or plentiful enough to warrant watching this film . and since they are more or less the highlight of the film , there are far better choices out there if you want a scary movie to curl up with your sweetheart to watch . actually , the 1998 sequel , an american werewolf in paris , is more entertaining since it doesn't take itself as seriously and actually provides a few more laughs along the way . 
" an intimate , character-driven drama about a troubled youth at a crossroads in his life , " read the press notes for _reach_the_rock_ . i'm not really sure what film that statement is describing because those words bear little resemblance to the slow , completely uninvolving bore i saw--at least , it certainly does not describe what goes on for most of the film . alessandro nivola plays robin fleming , a troubled , directionless 21-year-old who has a penchant for breaking storefront windows in a small town . police sergeant phil quinn ( william sadler ) takes him in , and what ensues for the first 70 minutes is a tedious series of sneak-outs and sneak-ins where robin slips out of his jail cell , breaks a window , then returns , all without quinn ever noticing . also added to the pointless proceedings is some would-be humorous shenanigans involving quinn's dimwitted deputy ernie attempting to engage in clandestine patrol car sex with his girlfriend donna ( karen sillas ) . with a half hour ( if even that long ) remaining , director william ryan and writer john hughes ( yes , john hughes of '80s youth films and _home_alone_ ) finally approach something close to a point . turns out robin still pines for his high school sweetheart lise ( brooke langton ) , who has long gone on with her life , and hughes's main concern at long last reveals itself as a tired " live in the present and for the future " message . most moviegoers , however , will likely be asleep by that time . wide awake , however , is the cast , who individually tackle their showcase dramatic scenes with energy and skill--thus revealing the _real_ purpose behind this listless enterprise : to serve as a series of acting exercises . such a glorified workshop may have its rewards for the actors , but it leaves audiences with a booby prize . ( opens october 16 ) 
adam sandler isn't known for appearing in deep , thought-provoking films , but he's still a really funny guy . most of his movies are successful not because of the film making behind them , but because they let sandler do what he does best without a stupid plot to drown him out . big daddy is the first film in which the story seems more important than sandler's comic performance , and it's a miserable failure . sandler plays a thirty-something loser who gets attached to an orphaned young boy ( played by cole and dylan sprouse ) . as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say " good-bye " to one another ; in addition , there's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) . there's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny . 
" marie couldn't talk , " paulie , the parrot star of his own movie , tells us about the daughter in his original family . " dad couldn't listen . and mom couldn't cope , so they got rid of me . " paulie , the autobiography of a talking , not merely a mimicking , parrot , has jay mohr in the lead role of the bird - the voice , not the body - and as the minor character of benny , a small-time crook who uses paulie to pull off small scams like stealing twenties from atms . as the parrot , mohr is delightful when director john roberts allows him to cut up . benny , on the other hand , is a character you've seen a thousand times before , and mohr brings nothing new to that role . roberts's deliberately slow pacing of laurie craig's script lends a subtle sweetness to its humor but creates some definite problems . when a kids' movie wants to mosey along , watch out . if the material is not crisp and perfectly composed , beauty can sometimes dissolve into tedium . so it is with paulie . when they let their bird do his stand-up comedy routines , the show hums and the audience roars . too often , however , a sleepy silence ensues among the viewers as they wait for the story to pickup again . tony shalhoub , the smart-mouthed chef from big night , plays misha , a recent russian immigrant to the u . s . he had been a teacher of literature at home , but now he makes his living as a janitor in the animal research lab to which paulie has been taken for study . although misha gets a few nice lines ( " i'm russian . i like long stories . " ) , his somber part seems designed only to elicit our sympathy . besides paulie , the only character worth noting - other than 2 cute small parts played by cheech marin and gina rowlands - is the speech-impaired marie , played in a precious performance by cinematic newcomer , 5-year-old hallie kate eisenberg . naturally enchanting , she gives the picture genuine heart . the bad news is that her part is confined to the first half . the best scenes have the bird dancing and strutting to show off his comedic skills . when marie's family gets a cat , for example , the bird , who hasn't wanted to learn how to fly until then , takes an instant interest in soaring . tricking the cat while insulting him at the same time , paulie calls him a stupid hairball . their rapid physical antics add to the humor of the situation . it's good quality sitcom material but performed by animals . when one of the humans without much of a voice begins to sing , paulie cringes . " i'm a bird , " he explains with his frequently subtle humor . " i have a small brain , and it's about to explode . " the movie contains rich doses of john debney's dreamy music . with heavy use of a solo violin , he keeps reinforcing the film's heart-warming themes . and when paulie finally takes off in flight , the orchestra comes up loud and strong with cymbals clashing . " it's a long story , " says paulie . " it's the only kind he knows , " reflects misha . and the motion picture , which runs the standard length for a kids' movie , still feels too long . the best parts are enthralling , but then there are all of those dead spots in-between . paulie is a movie that never quite lives up to its promise but manages to charm nevertheless . paulie runs 1 : 32 . it is raged pg for a few mild profanities and would be fine for all ages . my son , jeffrey , age 9 , gave the movie * * with his biggest complaint being that there wasn't enough action . he thought paulie was funny , and the actress that played marie was quite good . his friend sam , almost 9 , thought the movie was " awesome , excellent , " and gave it * * * * . he thought paulie was good , but he didn't believe the way marie's speech impediment was acted . 
i'm not sure i should be writing a review of the witches of eastwick , because i'm not sure just what the hell ( pardon the expression ) was going on in it . however , i can express the most important observation i made of it , i . e . i didn't like it . if i had to summarize this film , i think i'd conclude it was an updating of one of those old new england folk tales of someone selling their souls to old scratch and how they try to get out of the deal . that's the kernel of it , anyway . tossed into this are little bits and pieces that occasionally seem to be saying something about men and women , feminism , the role of the devil , modern reformers , and friendship . unfortunately , little or no effort is ever made to follow up and elucidate on these concepts ; they're simply thrown out and then left to rot while the film goes on apace . actually , i think that most of the audience was even more confused than i was . they came in expecting some kind of supernatural comedy , on the level of ghostbusters , and were a bit confused to be getting a folk tale with philosophical overtones . they laughed , or tried to laugh , at moments that were either barely funny , or much more horrible than funny , as if that could bend the film away from it's rather frightening direction . three women ( cher , susan sarandon , and michelle pfieffer ) live in eastwick , a small midwestern town . one night , while drinking late into the evening , they begin wishing for the ideal man to drop into their lives . in seeming answer to their idle daydreams , a wealthy eccentric moves into a mansion on the hill and seduces each one by attempting to be everything they want him to be . he soon shows evidence of mystical--perhaps demonic--power , and his devotion to the women's merest fantasies or wishes has dangerous overtones . even worse , when ignored his moods become ugly , and he mistreats the women for spurning him . anyway , the problems : all three female characters are fairly uninteresting , and several are cardboard stereotypes , especially sarandon's character . we never get inside them , never feel sympathetic to them , because their dialogue and personalities seem pretty bland . as for nicholson , well , even the devil needs a direction to go in , and while darryl van horne is the most interesting character in the movie ( due to the grace of the screenwriter and , more importantly , nicholson's acting ) , he still can't be yanked in one direction and then another without making him a little vague . and then there's the special effects . not in themselves--they weren't that good--but their overuse . i was almost positive , until i saw the credits , that the witches of eastwick was either produced by alexander salkind ( who has turned out the slop named superman ii and iii and supergirl ) , because of the big name actors in dopy stunts , or stephen spielberg , after the 18th vomit scene and the nicholson-blown-down-the-street stunt . nope , it's another bunch of guys , and directed by george miller , who has shown great skill with stunts/special effects before ( the road warrior , " nightmare at 20 , 00 feet " episode of twilight zone : the movie ) but apparently doesn't know when to turn off the wind machine and let his people act . f'gawds sake , guys , this is jack nicholson ! let him loose ! let him grin demonically ! skip the splitting earth and fake lightning ! watching the scene where nicholson is tossed out of the car by the voodoo doll , all i could think of was , " what a waste " . if you're going to use slapstick like that , use it up on pee wee herman . nicholson does what he can with the role , and when he can find his bearings , can be extremely good ( the scene in the church , for instance ) , but most of the time , he seems a bit stiff , as if he's not sure what he should be doing next . and no wonder . this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it'd just love to be allegory , but it's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it'll think of something . so what is the witches of eastwick ? a horror movie ? a folk tale ? a comedy ? a statement about women ? an examination of the religious right or comparitive morality ? i tend to think of the image that seems to dominate the movie for me . . . watching someone regurgitate half-digested bits of food and cherry pits all over rooms , people , the screen , and ultimately , the audience . in other words , a mess . ( $2 . 00 ) if you like nicholson enough to watch him here ; maybe 25% of his charm is able to make it through the logjams of others . 
this season needs another serial killer movie like kathie lee gifford needs more public devastation . but lo and behold , here comes " switchback , " and fast on the heels of such stalker fare as " kiss the girls " and " i know what you did last summer . " but " switchback " is an undoubtedly weak genre entry , as the material it covers is old and tired , and the filmmakers rarely sustain enough energy to make any of the proceedings interesting . " switchback " opens with the murder of a babysitter and the abduction of the young child she's watching . we learn late in the game that the kid belongs to fbi agent frank lacrosse ( dennis quaid ) , and that the kidnapper/killer is a nameless fiend that lacrosse has been tracking across the country for quite a while . he is promptly removed from the case , but this conflict of interest doesn't keep him from offering pursuit . lacrosse's most recent trek takes him to a blood-soaked hotel room in amarillo , texas , where the local sheriff ( r . lee ermey ) is torn between his re-election campaign and helping his new ally catch his man . in a related aside , former railway worker bob goodall ( danny glover ) is cruising through the snowbound west in his pinup-plastered ( even on the seatbelts ) el dorado . along the way , he picks up -- and subsequently saves the life of -- hitchhiking loner lane dixon ( jared leto ) . this tangent isn't a random one , as bob or lane will end up either holding a piece of the puzzle or turn out to be the killer himself . or is the villain in fact lacrosse , only pretending to be after the cold-hearted murderer he knows so much about . in a sense , that's half of the basic problem with " switchback . " for its first hour , the movie presents evidence that any of these three men could be the perpetrator , so we're given little insight into who they are , likely for fear that we'll learn too much too fast and therefore be able to make the proper deduction . but " switchback " then decides to explicitly reveal the killer's identity at its midpoint , and the following contradictory character motivations muddle both the pacing and the generation of suspense . some of the acting is a burdensome area as well , probably because the performers were instructed to build personas that are the exact opposite of their true selves . what is danny glover doing here , grinning and yeehawing his way through the messy plot ? and dennis quaid ? ( that monotone -- stop it ! ) ermey is solid in a supporting role that's more interesting than the two leads thrown together , but the charismatic leto ( claire danes' object of affection in " my so-called life " ) is a scene-stealer tried and true . >from a material standpoint , " switchback " is pretty empty . but even when first-time director jeb stuart ( who wrote " the fugitive " and " die hard " ) doesn't know what to do , he knows what he wants it to look like -- the movie provides some great visuals . the set-on-a-train climax looks good ( even though the action is illogical ) , and the beautiful , crisp cinematography captures the rockies in all of their icy splendor . still , that's not enough to turn a lump of coal into a diamond , and more than the movie's look will end up leaving you cold . 
